"They left one weapon, a gun that was locked in a safe, and have since returned two others."	0
"The pin of the connector is inserted through the hole and connected to the microstrip circuit."	0
"This consensus paper describes the essential skills that clinicians need to help persons who are experiencing grief after the death of a loved one."	1
"Instead of this set of Grub Street authors, the mere canaille of letters, this corporation of Mendicity, this ragged regiment of genius suing at the corners of streets in forma pauperis, give me the gentleman and scholar, with a good house over his head and a handsome table 'with wine of Attic taste' to ask his friends to, and where want and sorrow never come."	0
"He had a wonderful story to tell of the conquest of a continent by a people through thrift, endurance, sacrifice and grit."	0
"Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the UK, as well as in the developed and the developing world."	1
"However, a headache from wine is often stronger and last longer due to several compounds."	1
"It describes a method for loading a horizontal stack of containers into a carton."	0
"World's slimmest USB flash drive fits comfortably in a wallet."	0
"The activities were documented on the newsreels of the day, and form part of a new BBC television series."	0
"When the police raid the catacombs, Shannyn's character hits her head while fleeing only to wake up alone in the maze of skulls and bones."	0
"The drug has a low half-life that makes it ideal for killing of the susceptible bacteria responsible for sleeping sickness."	1
"The fountain was removed from that location and placed at Seneca Park along North Tenth Street some time later."	0
"A lice infestation is diagnosed by looking closely through pubic hair for nits, nymphs, or adults."	1
"The suffering caused by the embargo is sometimes reported here as well."	1
"But nothing prepared her for the day when a surfeit of 10 baby skunks popped their heads out of the hole and began scurrying about with their mommy."	0
"The other great character from Arabic literature Sinbad is from the Tales."	0
"The war mentality was generated by the Iraq war in combination with the constant drum beat of fear at home."	1
"Just then a camel caravan of Ishmaelite merchants came passing by, on their way to trade in Egypt."	0
"The organ builder inspects the site where the organ will be used."	0
"This chapter shows how much Nova has accomplished earning the companionship of her teammates."	0
"Rum is distilled from fermented sugarcane juice, fermented sugarcane syrup or fermented molasses."	0
"The social worker has placed the girl into the loving family of a lawyer."	0
"A spokeswoman for OneWest Bank acknowledged that an official, confronted with a ream of foreclosure papers, had mistakenly signed for two different banks -- just as the Deutsche Bank official did."	0
"This sweet satisfaction was only troubled by the sorrow caused by the horrible attack on the person of a representative of the nation."	1
"Just before serving, the olive oil was poured into the salad."	0
"She knew each favorite clump of concealing reeds along the river that the buffalo loved best."	0
"These changes can be caused by the tumor itself, by increased pressure within the skull caused by the presence of the tumor."	1
"This is a song from the musical I'm making, it's about where a young lady, the sacrifice, ran away from the monks."	0
"Such formulations are already found in the apostolic writings."	0
"The blockages are caused by a build-up of fatty plaque along the artery walls."	1
"Patients with adenomyosis experience pain from this disease in the early 30's."	1
"Adenosine deaminase converts purine riboside into an analog of a reactive intermediate."	0
"The discomfort from the injury was now precluding him from his occupation which involved prolonged procedures in the standing position."	1
"The disruption has been caused by work being carried out by track operator Network Rail."	1
"When the photographer took pictures with the filter attached the images looked flat with a glare that covered the entire image."	0
"The delay in the progression of these applications has been caused by the original applicants."	1
"His highly original and topical act reaches from the top of the corporate ladder into blokes' sheds, leaving his audiences aching from laughter."	1
"The following pages are organized by subject, and investigate the root causes of damage caused by the quake."	1
"Each time a neuron unleashes its tiny jolt, it needs to replenish its stores of energy for the next spark."	1
"The rescue teams found 17 of the 25 crew thrown into the sea when the tanker caught fire after the collision."	1
"The Government spent nearly 10m euro of taxpayers' money this year to cover the salaries of the ever-increasing coterie of special advisers."	0
"My passport was in a trunk under my bed."	0
"The spill was caused by a leak in a Kuwaiti tanker carrying 160,000 tonnes of crude, after it collided with a dredger further south on December 14."	1
"It also caused a conspiracy theory to sprout from the fertile imaginations of the world's paranoid independent investigative journalists."	0
"The explosion caused a crater on the ground and destroyed several stalls."	1
"The passenger was placed into a small room before being transported to Harborview Medical Center for treatment."	0
"Storms and earthquakes lead to the second-highest losses in insurance history."	1
"The soft-spoken, professorial chef spoke with knife in hand passionately about why he's been drawn to Thai cooking for twenty-five years."	0
"There was an the outrage from the sexism crusaders."	1
"Presentations and outputs of the conference have been provided in the conference proceedings."	0
"Obama's economic policies are turning into a global disaster."	1
"Outbreaks caused by the oral vaccine's live virus have happened before."	1
"The fire is caused by overheating of connections, which is cause by its turn by poor ohmic contact."	1
"He derives great joy and happiness from cycling."	1
"The sound waves cause disorientation and nausea."	1
"Scientists are turning to music to put across their messages: whether informing the public or campaigning."	0
"For a mathematician of Minkowski's stature there was little glory to be had in dotting the i's on the theory discovered by a mathematically unsophisticated, unknown, unchaired youngster."	0
"Monilia, candida or yeast infections are caused by various species of candida, especially Candida albicans, and are very common in babies and young children."	1
"The sinking resulted in the loss of 112 lives, including those of 28 Americans."	1
"Before doing for his hair reduction by laser treatment, he first consulted with a dermatologist."	1
"The compromise resolved the crisis through a series of secret negotiations involving Republican and Democratic politicians and various interest groups."	1
"The hand-cranked churn produced smoother ice cream than the pot freezer and did it quicker."	0
"All the profits from the books listed below are donated to the Norman Historic Preservation Program, Inc. (NHPP) to be used toward the renovation of the old Norman High School as a children's educational center and museum."	1
"And these gases cause evaporation of water from sea and soil."	1
"Here are some ways to avoid mindless eating and boost your weight loss from running."	1
"Two other teens ran into snags."	0
"This book relates tales, which were recorded by a popular minister in the early 1900's."	0
"Human growth hormone is described by some as the key to slowing the aging process."	1
"Microorganisms in your oral flora gain access to the pulp chamber and root canals in the affected tooth."	0
"GIS revealed a relationship between cracks caused by earthquakes and paddy fields."	1
"The compromises contained in the agreement caused the civil war in the 26 counties in June 1922-April 1923, in which the pro-Treaty Provisional Government defeated the anti-Treaty Republican forces."	1
"Seborrheic dermatitis is one of the causes for dandruff."	1
"Symptoms vary according to the degree of inflammation caused by the bacteria, ranging from slightly loose stools to bloody diarrhea, abdominal pain, and fever."	1
"We examined mood alterations through physical activity and other interventions."	1
"The wallet was inside of a locker designated for Union employees."	0
"The collision resulted in two more crashes in the intersection, including a Central Concrete truck that was about to turn left onto College Ave."	1
"A University of Washington system named Hubble looks for these black holes and maps them on a Web site, providing an ever-changing constellation of the Internet's weak points."	0
"The Trustees invested money directly into funds made available by Newton Investment."	0
"That looked like an equally impenetrable city jungle of wagons, horses, small tents, and humanity."	0
"Nutritious chocolate is made of cocoa paste, cocoa butter, and sugar."	0
"This revised edition incorporates new research findings and advances in the treatment of genetic disorders, including gene-directed therapies."	0
"The sail had an important roach and had adjustable batten fittings on the leech and luff receptacles."	0
"Ambient vanadium pentoxide dust produces irritation of the eyes, nose and throat."	1
"His death during one of the Portuguese raids caused the abandonment of the settlement."	1
"A fresh pork butt is cooked slowly in a crock pot instead of being cooked in the traditional pit."	0
"Contemporary criticism commented on the weaknesses of the opera's characters and the storyline."	0
"The demise of the bees has been caused by the globalization of commerce."	1
"Modern pioneer builds home from scratch."	0
"The batteries developed by the team from Tel Aviv University (TAU) work in a different way than conventional batteries."	0
"The development of oil palm plantations is one of the biggest causes of rainforest clearance."	1
"I saw come out of London, even unto the presence of the prince, a great rabble of mean and light persons."	0
"Most illnesses, including colds and flu, cause a toxic overload that also increases the stress on the kidneys."	1
"The abuse is rooted in the perpetrator's mental illness."	1
"By 1945 the French electric system was generating more power than it had before the war."	1
"The cross over is going to take away the lows from the drivers anyway."	0
"He has added his cousin into his portfolio."	0
"Our belly button heals over because there is nothing between it and our stomach except a few thin layers of skin."	0
"It is the oldest and largest international research consortium aimed at understanding the challenges facing the global automotive industry."	0
"He has a tattoo on his right arm and scars from stitches on his right elbow."	1
"The tsunami resulted in significant property damage but only two fatalities in RS."	1
"The parable related the rewards for those who invested successfully and the punishment for those who did not."	0
"This proves that the generator actually produced the renewable energy purchased and acts as the operative instrument of the transaction."	1
"A first revolution was triggered by the growing use of reading and writing."	1
"Menopause and PMS cause stress and anxiety even without imbalanced hormones."	1
"All kangaroos have a chambered stomach similar to cattle and sheep."	0
"He stuffed chips into his mouth and watched his cousin-in-law shrewdly."	0
"Since hunger and poverty cause violence and unrest, the solution must be found in other than military action."	1
"A knot of toads or an army of frogs in the garden is a pleasure to see, and it feels like a compliment to the gardener."	0
"That club cost him as he put a shot into a bunker on hole 13."	0
"Paternally derived genetic material is inherited to the next generation."	0
"The software caused a pretty good drain on the CPU for some reason."	1
"The predominant mixing action is to shear the mixing compound between the rotors of the mixer, and the distance between the rotors is less than the rotor diameter."	0
"The temperature at which flower buds are injured depends."	0
"A spaghetti pie served at a church dinner had caused the poisoning of one hundred people."	1
"We saw that the email had been sent to the customer."	0
"Addiction and poverty lead to neglect and abuse."	1
"Major car manufacturers are launching more and more cars to attain the top position in this jungle of automotives."	0
"Purely textual posters advertised the plays of Shakespeare and made citizens aware of government proclamations for centuries."	0
"Every engine that the plant builds is hot-tested."	0
"The northwest swell was generated by a powerful storm off Japan on Jan. 5 and gained strength last week."	1
"This process passes on a health gene to the next generation."	0
"Our cutter has a staysail on a furler."	0
"One of these papers which was published in the journal Climate Research turned out to be so badly flawed that the scandal resulted in the resignation of the editor-in-chief."	1
"The sugar factory in Ipswich was built in 1925."	0
"I carry a spray bottle with 91% isopropanol in it."	0
"A child is told a lie for several years by their parents before he/she realizes that a Santa Claus does not exist."	0
"The chemical reaction in the water caused a bubbling affect on the surface."	1
"The plain HTTP request was sent to an HTTPS port."	0
"As the compressor on the frig turned on caused a voltage spike on the electrical line, which caused a glitch in the "room commander" system."	1
"Social breakdown and poverty caused by civil war in several African countries has caused further increases in the rate of prostitution in those countries."	1
"Chimpanzees make tools and use them to acquire foods and for social displays."	0
"Of the hundreds of strains of avian influenza A viruses, only four have caused human infections: H5N1, H7N3, H7N7, and H9N2."	1
"Fire was venting from the first floor of a multi-storeyed building in South Mumbai's Nariman point area on Monday."	0
"Before he leaves Ephesus, however, a riot breaks out, instigated by the silversmiths who manufacture idols of the goddess Artemis; they are afraid that Paul's evangelistic success will ruin their business."	1
"The only light in the house was radiating from the TV screen."	1
"One of her arguments addresses the very real threat that the women's struggle is being bypassed as the new social movement succeeds."	0
"We kept the antenna inside the car, which limited range due to the car's attenuation."	0
"In the Senate, the sizzle comes from an issue ad bill from Dem Sen. Jon Erpenbach."	1
"The frame encloses a rectangular picture that has the same area as the frame itself."	0
"The worst devastation around us has been caused by the abject failure of religious education."	1
"The celebrity poured money into modern artwork."	0
"The economic collapse was caused by consumers buying mortgages they couldn't afford and the housing collapse."	1
"Most of the streaks are caused by meteoroids about the size of a grain of sand, although meteoroids are porous and much less dense than sand."	1
"In addition, a brief biography establishing her credentials was included at the end of the report."	1
"The enzyme glutaminase is removed into both nerve terminals and glial cells."	0
"Many symptoms of fight or flight are caused by chemical changes in the body, but these two symptoms of are caused by chronic, rapid, shallow breathing."	1
"It spilled more than 53000 gallons of crude oil into the surrounding marshes one of the bigger spills caused by the hurricane."	1
"The vibration caused by a heavy goods train on the Metropolitan Railway, which runs under the Exhibition premises, had shaken the figure off its balance."	1
"Children in rural Southern areas fell into poverty faster than those in cities in 2008."	0
"I lost a suitcase with money in it last week."	0
"The airstrike also resulted in several secondary explosions, leading Marines at the site to suspect that the house may have contained homemade bombs."	1
"On the one hand, a small notorious set of bacteria, fungi, parasites, protozoa, and viruses cause disease, as discussed in the two units of the book."	1
"The voltage swing obtainable across the load is greater than the output voltage swing obtainable from the amplifier alone, thus the efficiency of the amplifier system and power handling capacity of the system are improved."	1
"As in the popular movie "Deep Impact", the action of the Perseid meteor shower is caused by a comet, in this case periodic comet Swift-Tuttle."	1
"This book provides a very detailed and interesting overview of the fundamental principles of nanoscience."	0
"McGee's talent stemmed from mother's teaching."	1
"Using the product around the house killed germs that were causing flu, colds or sore throat."	1
"However, his company, Gordon Ramsay Holdings, issued a statement that appeared remarkably graceful at first glance."	0
"In this paper, we propose a web-based system for prevention of the confidential information leakage caused by the person who is authorized to access."	1
"The bungalow was built inside a barn."	0
"The increase of the signal might correspond to formation of the high-density excitons, while the reduction of the signal originates from the relaxation."	1
"In one of cinema's earliest and most famous screenings, the crowd ran away from the theatre after an approaching train appeared."	0
"The boom and shaking was caused by the asteroid that passed Earth yesterday."	1
"The first box that arrived at Shirley Shupp's door was filled with braces to help with her arthritis."	0
"He spent that time slaughtering a young pig and carefully catching all its blood in a ewer."	0
"Asthma causes swelling and narrowing of the airways."	1
"An aborted 7-month-old fetus was found in a gift box under a Christmas tree."	0
"The soft brown and beige tones in the decoration provide a tranquil mood."	1
"But then one of them got hold of an axe belonging to the carpenter."	0
"Clinically, microcracks cause stress or fragility fractures."	1
"The scientific, yet understandable reasons of why the L*Bo Aid is so effective in eliminating and preventing elbow pain due to epicondylitis commonly referred to as "Tennis Elbow" and tendinitis."	1
"After the swing went away from the wicket he couldn't do anything."	0
"This is the right time to apply as many new projects are landing into markets in India."	0
"The 100 MHz RF signal for the amplitude modulator was derived from a pulse pattern generator (PPG)."	1
"He began to chat with him in ignorance of the news."	0
"Sinusitis is the inflammation of the sinuses caused by a bacterial infection."	1
"He placed the ashes in a jar and divided them equally into eight portions."	0
"The film also features documentary like segments about fishing and about the evacuation after the eruption of the volcano."	1
"The video then shows the damage caused by the aircraft as it hit the north tower, follows the disintegrating plane through the interior, and then shows the airplane metal, ignited fuel, dust and smoke exiting the building on the opposite side."	1
"Aware of the suffering caused by exploitation, social injustice, stealing, and oppression, I am committed to cultivate loving kindness and learn ways to work for the well-being of people, animals, plants, and minerals."	1
"Reducing the harm caused by the War on Drugs is a big task."	1
"The diseases are caused by gene mutations on the X chromosome."	1
"The stroke, which was triggered by a bout of chicken pox, also weakened her arteries so much that doctors said she had the brain 'of an 80-year-old'."	1
"As a result, pollution from cars is causing serious health problems for Americans."	1
"Trench pudding is made from broken biscuits, condensed milk, jam put into a canteen and cooked over a little spirit stove."	0
"The leeward barchan runs away from the windward barchan because of the inverse relationship between velocity and height."	0
"The clock signal was generated from an external cavity semiconductor laser."	1
"Sierra Leone in the wake of the devastation caused by the decade old civil conflict in every sector of our society, the education sector, being key."	1
"Major disasters like cyclone, floods and the storm surges, drought are caused by climate change."	1
"Good breeding consists of concealing how much we think of ourselves and how little we think of the other person."	1
"These temple excavations at Luxor discovered a "porch of drunkenness" built onto the temple by the queen Hatshepsut, during the height of her twenty year reign."	0
"Caryn James, a film critic for The New York Times, has just completed a novel."	0
"A cigarette set off a smoke alarm."	1
"In the same way that diet and stress effect facial acne they also effect body acne therefore the basic "clear skin rules" of cutting out greasy, fatty foods, and sugary foods as well as trying to reduce everyday stress apply to body acne as well."	1
"This meeting was called in response to a request of Eastern labor papers, but happened to fall amid the excitement caused by the Pittsburgh riot."	1
"Craig expressed his frustration after Monday's meeting."	0
"Both ships caught fire after the collision but the blazes were brought under control."	1
"However in addition to Maori, other population groups need specific recognition in the Bill, including people with disabilities."	0
"Villagers live in constant terror of indiscriminate gunfire which fills the nights throughout Chechnya."	1
"The cartoons originated in Denmark's Jyllands-Posten paper and have been reprinted in newspapers in France, Germany, Italy, Hungary, the Netherlands and Spain - who say they were exercising their right to free speech."	0
"Occasionally, a dream proffers no solution but portrays only the anxiety which is generated by the conflict."	1
"The yellow blazes denote the trail."	0
"The oil paintings shown at the exhibition were of exceptionally high quality."	0
"Thus, evaluating capital punishment as a form of retribution is reduced by Sellin to merely estimating the proportion of capital murders that result in execution."	1
"Yet on the whole, given the constraints of sticking so closely to the original book, the developer has crafted a thoroughly pleasing puzzle adventure."	1
"These germs cause illnesses ranging from common ailments, like the cold and flu, to disabling."	1
"Colds and flu cause high fevers in babies and toddlers, but with the flu, the fever will last more than one or two days."	1
"The byelection was caused by the resignation of Boris Johnson following his election as mayor of London in May."	1
"KHZZ experienced competition from former oldies station KHYL, but both stations ended up giving up the format, with KHZZ turning to oldies."	1
"Both her parents wind up accompanying her to the factory, though her mother disapproves of Violet's gum-chewing habit."	0
"The meeting was opened by the welcome speech of the Mayor of Komotini, Mr. Dimitrios. Kotsakis."	0
"This machine has a memory of 5000 slots and in this memory we can stock 500 customers and products."	0
"Dolf Oehler, a leader in the leftist camp of Heine champions since the 1970s, gathered a group of likeminded critics for this symposium."	0
"The injury or death was caused by the intoxication and the employee shall be barred from receiving workers' compensation."	1
"In a conventional, steam turbine-only power plant, the heat required to produce the steam comes from a boiler."	1
"Head injuries are a common cause of unconsciousness and they occur in many sports like rugby and boxing."	1
"Police investigators later found brake discs on the car were broken, though experts from the Italian car manufacturers insist the damage was caused by the collision and the car had been in perfect condition."	1
"The county replaces the mailbox with a standard metal mailbox acceptable for delivery of mail by the United States."	0
"The pain was radiating from the right buttock to the knee joint."	0
"The method of writing, and the use of the fashionable amusement quizzes Wauwau arrives from the country of Prester John."	0
"Fish gather in a shoal, a shallow place in a river or lake."	0
"Additionally, his record as a Vietnam veteran has been documented in a recent book."	0
"After this preliminary identification of the Hittite people and their language, we had more confidently approach the story of their rise to fame."	0
"The plane went away from the runway and burst into flames."	0
"These germs cause several kinds of illnesses, such as diarrhea, meningitis or a cold."	1
"As we saw earlier, helicobacter is responsible for causing stomach ulcer."	1
"The colitis usually is caused by taking antibiotics."	1
"The wind pried with its stiff fingers at the very foundations."	0
"The largest landslide triggered by the earthquake is located approximately 32 kilometers southeast of Muzafarrabad in a tributary valley of the Jhelum River."	1
"The deadly train crash was caused by terrorist attack."	1
"The first chapter gives an account of the ancient history of the country."	0
"In accordance with the provisions of the Interim Agreement both parties agreed on this protocol for the implementation of the redeployment in Hebron."	0
"Four of the entrapments resulted in suffocation: a 7-month-old in Gouverneur, N.Y.; a 7-month-old in New Iberia, La.; a 6-month-old in Summersville, W.Va.; and a 9-month-old in Bronx, N.Y."	1
"The disruption caused by the latest Christmas terrorist has added too much to the weary trip home."	1
"The randomized hypertensive ABCD study demonstrated a decrease in myocardial infarction with ACE inhibitors and a decrease in overall mortality with aggressive blood pressure control."	1
"Their analysis demonstrates beyond any doubt that the problem of unemployment has been caused by the state, not by any inherent flaws or failures in a free market."	1
"Our country is resolving the war and poverty caused by the previous administration."	1
"The colouration has been caused by a blue dye."	1
"I changed the balance of the flavours through my selection of bread, and got an increase in the sweetness with a choice of raisin bread."	1
"Males had their urethra and urachus ligated with a fine silastic tubing."	0
"To do this I drilled a small hole in one end of the broom stick, and ran a four inch piece of coat hanger through the hole."	0
"Vegetable oil as fuel is a cleaner, safer and less expensive alternative to petroleum based fuel."	0
"Stroke is one of the leading causes of death, long-term disability, and hospital admission in the industrialized world."	1
"A large wading bird rookery of egrets, herons, ibis and anhinga is along the lake edge at the east side of the park."	0
"James Hagler, Venice's director of historical resources, has completed a picture book of the area's buildings."	0
"A computer program called Trakl'Bigi generates poems in the style of the expressionist poet Georg Trakl."	0
"It's common to get a slight fever from immunizations, which can make them uncomfortable."	1
"The song is featured in the 1990 film Riff-Raff, performed by the main female character."	0
"Reagent-grade acetonitrile is distilled from phosphorus pentoxide immediately before use."	0
"The focus of any course is, however, art therapy theory."	0
"The seeds have been blown into their fields by wind or deposited by birds."	0
"Fungal growth and aflatoxin contamination are caused by the following factors: warm temperature, high humidity and poor soil condition."	1
"Some have argued that the money the pirates demand is very little compared to the devastation that has been caused by the toxic waste, which includes nuclear waste."	1
"This Italian dish is made with gelatinous veal shanks that are braised with fresh vegetables and rich stock."	0
"The economic setbacks of 1893 had created unemployment and poverty which caused migration in search of new opportunities."	1
"My problem is that the advertisement gives the impression that women in rural Bangladesh have 6 children."	1
"And this means that researchers have lost a valuable lead in their hunt for the artists who created the figurines."	0
"We find evidence that Ernst suffered a thrombotic cardiovascular event, i.e., a myocardial infraction triggered by a blood clot."	1
"Third, air and water pollution from fossil fuels are a huge problem in China."	1
"Much of the difference in the total damage caused by the Nisqually and the Northridge earthquakes can be attributed to the Nisqually earthquake's location."	1
"The real man departs from holiness."	0
"The cysts are caused by chronic inflammation of the perichondrium with production of serous fluid between the perichondrium and cartilage."	1
"The original Waldorf salad, created at New York's Waldorf Astoria Hotel in the 1890s, contained only apples, mayonnaise, and celery."	0
"The reaction from the international press, which I am sure you here in Tokyo have noticed, has been very wide and detailed."	1
"Kidd passed Jackson on the career assists list with an alley-oop pass to Rodrigue Beaubois with 10:53 left in the third quarter."	0
"The inflammation causes pain in the joint."	1
"The Australian Flexible Learning Framework has released a new report on mobile learning."	0
"This theme has been covered in science fiction like Star Trek."	0
"The most disturbing moment arrives five minutes from the end."	0
"It is very natural and normal to feel grief and sorrow after the loss of a pet."	1
"Alcohol and drugs directly cause suicide by significantly diminishing the reasoning of the person at the time of the suicide."	1
"Investments have gone into the light rail."	0
"This view from the inside is from the bridge that spans Atherton Street."	0
"The packet of corn tortillas, which was inside a box, said "contains wheat"."	0
"Afterwards the work points out the great difficulties due to the measurement of those parameters and reports about some experimental investigations executed."	0
"Continued exposure to higher concentrations of the gas cause disorientation, convulsions, unconsciousness and death."	1
"The deficits caused by the fiscal stimulus package end in 2011 and will help to sustain a fragile recovery in 2010, the deficits projected for the longer term are a threat to our economic future."	1
"Approximately $2 trillions are invested into SRI Socially responsible investing ventures in the present day."	0
"The hole has been caused by the accumulation of dust into planets like Earth."	1
"This lamp causes serious skin burn and eye inflammation from shortwave ultraviolet radiation when outer envelope of the lamp is broken or punctured."	1
"Overall, discomfort from braces is typically short in duration and easily managed."	1
"The programmer made a mistake with respect to quoting, but it appeared as over-quoting instead of lurking as a security problem."	1
"Many commercial soap, shower gel or cleanser products contain preservatives, colorants and chemicals that cause dryness, rashes, itchiness and roughness on the skin."	1
"Transport authorities in the Western Cape have warned of hefty fines for motorists who ignore dedicated lane for buses and minibus taxis on the road."	0
"A telescope assists the eye chiefly in two ways."	0
"The health benefits of alcoholic beverages are the subject of this investigation."	1
"This thesis defines the clinical characteristics of amyloid disease."	0
"Rain caused cancellation of the event in 1877, so enforcement of the new law had to wait until 1878."	1
"The photos from past events were printed and on display in the fellowship hall for several weeks during the 60th anniversary celebration in Sept 2006."	0
"In the 1998 crisis, capital flight caused a crisis on the currency markets, as the removal of funds from Russia necessarily entailed the conversion of rubles to dollars."	1
"Sadness leads to dissatisfaction with the job."	1
"Bacteria and comedonal debris cause acne pimples or pustules (inflammatory lesions)."	1
"Discomfort from braces is similar to that of working out at the gym - the first few days you know you' done something different, but then the body adapts and the discomfort disappears."	1
"I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder following a breakdown triggered by the sudden death of my brother six years ago."	1
"The law established a major redistribution of territorial sovereignty within the Empire."	1
"The device was contained in a small jiffy bag with a white label, with a post mark that was "not local"."	0
"Zinc is essential for growth and cell division."	1
"Acne is caused by irritants like fabrics, hair gels and makeup."	1
"Eight British tourists are suing a South African safari park after they became trapped by a pride of wild lions when their tour vehicle overturned."	0
"A solid round bar, 32" long, is constructed from ductile steel (Syt=60 ksi, G=11.5 x 106 psi)."	0
"This translation is systematic and literal; with a particular emphasis on preserving the metaphors used by the saint in their original signification."	0
"The air in the middle ear space is important to allow the ear drum and middle ear bones to be vibrated by sounds collected by the ear canal."	0
"When he arrived at 1 p.m., the poor animal was in a crate for five hours."	0
"This pecking order continues all the way down to the most subordinate wolf in the pack."	0
"Welch shows how laws composed to incorporate rural workers in a controlled way became platforms for unexpected protest and political mobilization culminating in the 1963 Rural Laborer Statute (ETR)."	0
"The jelly inside a doughnut is scalding while the pastry is only warm."	0
"The genteel tranquility of Victorian England is shattered by the arrival of an invasion force from the red planet."	0
"The problem comes from the widgets resembling HTC's own Sense UI widgets."	1
"In summer 2000, an Adventist church in Polotsk, Vitebsk Region, was damaged by a fire started with flammable liquids."	1
"Only part of the food energy is passed on to another consumer."	0
"I saw that the antenna was placed inside the two-dimensional labyrinth-based left-handed medium."	0
"The incident was caused by the entry of high pressure gas from a deep formation that got confined in the porthole of the well."	1
"The food is made from scratch, fresh daily."	0
"The sadness from divorce meant more if you were aware she was married very briefly to choreographer/director Michael Bennett, who shaped her career, then created the "Chorus Line" character around her in 1975."	1
"The point of the article is that food forms an important part of CNY."	0
"First, the H5N1 virus has caused by far the greatest number of human cases of very severe disease and the greatest number of deaths."	1
"The injury resulted in numerous operations to save his eyesight."	1
"Biomagnetic Research, in Arizona, makes a range of devices for neutralizing radiation from computers and other sources."	1
"The man cannot be too old - in his middle thirties - but his face exhibits more wrinkles from smiling than I've seen upon the mug of the happiest of grandparents."	1
"The group has thrown together a neat prototype device that could possibly be the future of casinos."	0
"Many historical events have been described through music and song."	0
"The wounds caused by the scourging and the thorns are almost invisible."	1
"After months of sieges, with some of the most fierce human assaults by numbers many times their own, and when the smoke had cleared, the banner of the knights still stood on the ramparts."	0
"The big bang was caused by the collision of two parallel universes."	1
"It's not unlike an archeological dig through an attic, choking from laughter rather than dust, as familiar and forgotten memories are refreshed and taken for a satirical synaptic spin by a master humorist."	1
"The dog scratched at the door with its forepaw."	0
"The restaurant was filled with customers, most of them children and mothers."	0
"Ground resonance occurs while the helicopter is on the ground with rotors turning; it will not happen in flight."	0
"The pipeline had to face the following main concerns from opposition: disturbance of animal migration patterns, environmental damage from spills, geological concerns and the Alaskan permafrost."	1
"The bridge pillars, constructed with stone and lime mortar cores rather than wooden posts, rest on a large oak beam-grate that was built atop the gravel bed of the Danube, at the bottom of the cofferdam."	0
"The ringtone makes the telecommunicator."	0
"Botulism is a rare but serious paralytic illness caused by a nerve toxin that is produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum."	1
"Both trucks run on lead-acid batteries, common in most vehicles."	0
"The Germanic migrations of the fifth century were triggered by the destruction of the Gothic kingdoms by the Huns in 372-375."	1
"Pinworm infestation is very rarely fatal; death and morbidity are from secondary infection."	1
"The fourteen paintings are presented in up to three levels of detail as you walk through the two floors of the cottage."	0
"The clot later caused a seizure, leaving Nathan completely paralyzed on the right side of his body."	1
"These tanks have leaked contaminants into the groundwater."	0
"I forgot to shut the bathroom door before showering and the steam set off the smoke alarm on the wall between the bathroom and my bedroom."	1
"He noticed that this black substance was also on the lid of the cracked stone casing."	0
"American skiier Lindsey Vonn denied downhill treble as fog caused cancellation in Val d'Isere."	1
""Morning Sickness" is a bit of a misnomer, as nausea from pregnancy; it can happen at any time of the day."	1
"In July he was sent north to quell a rebellion instigated by the discontented people of Warwick."	1
"My grandparents rest beneath a stone that shows a farmer plowing with a mule, an emblem of the way they began their lives together back in the 1930s."	0
"General contract law issues are examined, as is the law covering the registration of hotel guests."	0
"Tension Release by Mega Food contains Sensoril, a clinically studied extract of a Ashwagandha that helps to inhibit fatigue and physical tension from everyday stress."	1
"But they lost their child, Arife, here, in the muddy, freezing huddle of tents where the survivors eke out a living."	0
"The modern gas centrifuge was born in a Soviet camp for captured German and Austrian scientists after World War II."	0
"The Affiliate Classroom promotes the direct sales and gets commission from the selling of products."	1
"Mechanical faults caused delays and cancellations on Wellington's suburban train services this morning."	1
"Over the next six years, the army built a wall 80 Roman miles long (117km or 73 modern miles), some 5 metres (15 feet) high, east to west from Wallsend to Bowness."	0
"Obama was adapting the tactic to further the bedrock American principle that everyone deserves a phalanx of lawyers."	0
"Toxins are drained into the sea."	0
"The stethoscope lets the doctor hear your heartbeat and the way your lungs sound."	0
"Companies face big risk from loss of key employees."	1
"The political unity of the Iroquois was the source of their power, but it was by no means perfect."	1
"In a nutshell, orienteering combines a physical skill with a more cerebral element."	0
"There is a rise in erratic behaviour from substance abuse and frustration caused by long waits for hospital treatment."	1
"The criminals that caused the fire illegally entered our country."	1
"The thermostat of the refrigerator is fitted on the aluminium evaporator surface."	0
"Bernie the barber downed his scissors, leaving the final triangle of hair uncut."	0
"Smoke is one of the leading causes of kidney failures."	1
"Francis Hauksbee proves that sound needs air to travel, by experiments with a clock inside a vacuum."	0
"The bounded applicability of the Perceptron arose from the linearity of its modifiable decision rule."	1
"The result is an exciting melee of influences, all bound together by the unswerving class and charisma of Kinny's persona."	0
"In praise of these beautiful classics we organized 'mekko exhibition' out of DIY fashion shoots and nostalgic photos from family albums."	0
"Suicide is one of the leading causes of death among pre-adolescents and teens, and victims of bullying are at an increased risk for committing suicide."	1
"Beneath this invocation there is a zoo of fearsome beasts, including several man-eaters, as well as sphinxes with lions' bodies and human heads."	0
"The high temperature caused a decomposition reaction, increased the inner pressure of the reactor, and resulted in a rupture."	1
"Citing the conflict of interest created by the ethics charges, Nifong asked the state attorney general's office to take over the lacrosse case."	1
"Viral gastroenteritis is a highly contagious infection of the intestines caused by one of several viruses."	1
"Old scars from stitches that were successfully put in but ripped out by the individual are also common."	1
"Every schoolchild is taught that the monsoons are caused by the change in wind patterns when a large body of warm air rises."	1
"The slaves were brought into the country against their will."	0
"In the past, insulin was extracted from the pancreases of cows or pigs, then used to treat diabetics."	0
"The term is derived from a boxing metaphor - when boxers train on a heavy bag they can knock the bag "off the hook"."	0
"The Kursk (RBMK) reactor was manufactured in a slurry-fed ceramic Joule-heated glass melter."	0
"The sportsman passed on passion to the younger generation."	0
"In wire working, the artist creates shapes, using various sizes of wire."	0
"She is the village bank president for a village bank loan group consisting of eight people."	0
"After a successful launch on 29 November 1994, the satellite was manoeuvred from its initial geosynchronous-transfer orbit at 28.5 degrees to the equator, to an intermediate one at 12.4 degrees, 6,390-36,065km by mid-December."	0
"Once they grow there, the swelling and inflammation caused by the infection closes off the sac, causing it not to "shed" bacteria, and protecting the bacteria inside from antibiotics and your body's own immune cells."	1
"The commander has dragged soldiers into unnecessary battles."	0
"My friend got a rash from a mosquito bite and Westcort helped her but it left a scar so she also put on Mederma after the rash went away."	1
"The paper reported a 'palpable sense of disappointment' from the audience."	1
"The drugs cause unconsciousness and cardiac arrest separately."	1
"The Organic Act of 1868 made several specific references to the powers and duties of the president of the university after stating that he be elected to office by the Board of Regents."	0
"The paper presents a chemical composition analysis of the gases emanated from geothermal sources in the Herculane Spa area (Romania)."	0
"Some cycles depend on the results from previous cycles."	0
"But the contents of the audit were a closely held secret, and attempts to obtain other records were denied repeatedly."	0
"The mosaicism observed in the proband was derived from a postzygotic somatic mutation of the normal maternal y chromosome."	1
"The castle has two big concentric towers, corresponding to a three-story building with two smaller towers at its exterior angles."	0
"Toxoplasmosis is caused by infection with Toxoplasma gondii, an obligate intracellular parasite."	1
"The sections of the text that explain the scientific method are interesting and could be applied to most areas of life."	0
"The sagas developed from the oral culture of the Viking Age."	0
"Since the PN signal is generated by an algorithm, knowledge of the algorithm reveals the entire sequence."	1
"Stuart's cavalry observed the passing through the town."	0
"I get tons of satisfaction and joy from watching the little fur ball become the hunter it was bred to be."	1
"The following excerpt is from the self help psychology book, Be Your Own Therapist."	0
"The event featured a demonstration of weaving on a loom by local weaver Nancy Alexander."	0
"The contents of the bear's stomach included apple mash, corn and blueberries."	0
"And the economic crisis was generated due to the sub-prime mortgage mess brought about through government intervention in the market to promote progressive ideals (ie extending loans to low-income borrowers)."	1
"The possible implications were indicated in the first publication."	0
"In the chaos and urgency caused by the hurricanes, it was difficult to keep track of people with psychiatric disabilities."	1
"Excess oil, dirt and bacteria cause acne."	1
"An invoice is a commercial document indicating the products, quantities, and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer."	0
"Infection is one of the commonest causes of death in burn patients, particularly."	1
"The signal is received from a known direction."	0
"Last year Cavendish had barely completed a move, 45 degrees across a road at 70km/h, before his fiancee, Melissa, watching on TV, had completed a text message threatening him with divorce if he risked his life like that again."	0
"The taste is from the ginseng, not alcohol."	1
"The team won the Association's championship with some regularity."	0
"The estranged couple transferred funds into these accounts from their own personal accounts."	0
"Losing land to new white settlers, non-payment, past broken treaties, plus food shortages and famine following crop failure led to great discontent among the Dakota people."	1
"Yellow fever is caused by infection with yellow fever virus, which is transmitted by the bite of infected mosquitoes."	1
"A player manipulates a keyboard, a mouse, or a joystick as a game scene is displayed on a video monitor, or the like."	0
"As sergeant major of the army, Preston serves as the army chief of the staff's personal adviser on all enlisted-related matters, particularly in areas affecting soldier training and quality of life."	0
"In the years since the ADM scandal of the 1990s, the calamities caused by the subversion of the food resources of masses of people to the private profit interests of a few has reached new heights."	1
"Medical bills make up half of bankruptcies."	1
"The cheering and screaming after the victory had hardly died down when Marilyn Kelly proclaimed "Party at my house!"."	1
"Tulip mania, in the 1600s, was caused by the massive influx of newly discovered Gold into Amsterdam from the new world: in particular the capture of the Spanish Treasury fleet."	1
"During the trial, the prosecution presented "pictures of burning bodies and human remains as well as images of the explosion triggered by the Pentagon crash.""	1
"Instead, the success of the revolution is the reason for the celebration."	1
"Stones must be set in% inch from the edge of the flat."	0
"Many more resources are required in order to stem the devastation that has been caused by the epidemic throughout sub-Saharan Africa."	1
"Joint problems are caused by osteoarthitis (degenerative joint disease), subluxations, sprains, intervertebral disc."	1
"The neuroscientists have implanted electrodes into patient's brain."	0
"The "underdog" prize is awarded to the driver who wins the race with a car in the lowest PI of the field."	0
"Sigmoid colon diverticulitis is the most common cause of acute pain in the left lower abdomen in older adults."	1
"The coffee we got was in a cup the size of a thimble, and it was so strong."	0
"The red indicator light on my telephone continues to blink after I have checked and emptied my mailbox."	0
"To that end the faculty collaboratively designed the credential, certificate, and degree programs to provide you with a sequence of coursework and field experiences that prepares you to not only act like teachers, counselors and administrators, but to think like them as well."	0
"District Judge without a jury and judgment was entered for the defendants on the ground that the accident was caused by the plaintiff's own negligence."	1
"This bacteria causes skin infections, colds, or diarrhea."	1
"A new regulation governing the access to documents in the custody of National Archives came into effect on the 26th of February 2003."	0
"The dog clutch is a sliding selector mechanism which is splined to the output shaft, meaning that its hub has teeth that fit into slots (splines) on the shaft, forcing it to rotate with that shaft."	0
"The pistil, made up of one or more carpels, encloses an ovary that contains the ovules, or potential seeds."	0
"These two ports were specialized in the manufacture of luxury goods."	0
"92% of the CO2 emissions are caused by the lorries, but this is not fair so a different distribution method is needed."	1
"The direct catastrophe caused by the earthquake was estimated at 10.2 billion euro, clearly justifying European intervention."	1
"They advised me that their records for 1993 were in a box of files in a warehouse."	0
"The financial losses caused by the earthquake were estimated at $7 million."	1
"Every child and young person seen at Starship with intoxication from alcohol or illicit drug use had a social work assessment before leaving the hospital."	1
"Cali, Colombia, for their series of articles on the emergency caused by a landslide on the highway leading to the coast."	1
"The real possibility of total engulfment by flame or suffocation from smoke was a constant threat."	1
"The design of the shape of the can ends moreover has a marked effect on their ability to resist deformation from internal pressure."	1
"Using solar electricity instead of conventional electricity sources helps to reduce pollution that causes smog, acid rain, respiratory illness and global warming."	1
"The video contains a clip from the movie."	0
"In the meantime, an unlikely menage of Payaya natives, Franciscan padres, Canary Islanders and Spanish soldiers struggle to bring the city together as winter approaches."	0
"Non-native species are spreading into new areas increasingly rapidly through human activities as international trade, transportation and travel intensify."	0
"Like many recipes for stuffing, the original recipe contained apples, but as apples are a higher carb fruit, I have substituted cranberries which have the dual effect of making the stuffing lower carb than the regular recipe and also adding a little extra seasonal color and flavor."	0
"The energy is going away from the source at the group velocity Cg."	1
"The quarrel during the night of the crime was caused by money."	1
"This movie was in a box set with 20 others, with varying quality, and I can safely say that this title was right at the bottom of the heap."	0
"The suffering caused by the bleeding depends on where the arteriovenous malformation is located."	1
"The storm caused a tremendous amount of damage on the landing beaches, and for the time completely isolated the troops at Anzac."	1
"The increase in customers, though, caused a strain on the company servers."	1
"Almost suddenly, I was overcome with an uncontrollable fear which was triggered by the death of my friend."	1
"The Bush administration hid the true fiscal picture with a plethora of accounting gimmicks."	0
"Under the circumstance that the wife comes from a wealthy family, her dissatisfactions with her marriage may make her seem like a spoiled brat."	0
"The surgeon cuts a small hole in the skull and lifts the edge of the brain to expose the nerve."	0
"Each sample of the felt was enclosed in a separate glass vial with blanks of polished lead, silver and copper."	0
"The program offers a lively discussion of magnificent value."	0
"A lamp emiting a strong white light is placed on an mobile block makes it possible to the scanner to sweep all the document."	1
"For some reason, the star was blinded from his own insight about the incommensurability of time."	0
"Well, this footballer kicked the ball the hardest he could and hit me."	0
"For projects submitted at national level, the volunteer is sent by a organization legally established in his/her country of residence."	0
"The changes now seen in the endometrium are caused by a hormone called progesterone."	1
"The landslides caused by these earthquakes and aftershocks were concentrated along the mudstone and sandstone surfaces."	1
"The disruption has been caused by a sensitivity reaction in the brain to an ingested substance."	1
"It wasn't long before the animal was in a crate on its way back to its farm, courtesy of the assistant, of course."	0
"The dryer emits air that is regulated close to your body temperature."	1
"Because some of these terms are used in the case study chapters later in the book, they are defined here now."	0
"Coughing from asthma is worse at night or early in the morning, making it hard to sleep."	1
"These drugs also cause headaches and nausea, affect your internal organs and raise your bad cholesterol."	1
"The issue of the legitimacy of Kosovo's declaration of independence is now under discussion by the International Court of Justice."	0
"This is from the introduction in the book "Fountain Pens and Pencils, The Golden Age of Writing Instruments" by George Fischler and Stuart Schneider, 1990."	0
"She tried to find out what key on your keyboard fits your personalty."	0
"As I was entering the bathroom, I grabbed the door knob and it felt loose and hollow, like cheap crap."	0
"It is a 1956 crime drama examining the reactions of parents, police, and the public to a kidnapping."	0
"Sensitive pets experience rashes and discomfort from ticks and fleas."	1
"Prevx has added functionality into its new tool."	0
"Bounding pulses are caused by the relatively low systemic arterial blood pressure due to the continuous runoff of blood from the aorta into the pulmonary artery."	1
"The executioners have carried the scholar into exile."	0
"Pneumonia is an inflammation of the lungs caused by bacteria, viruses, or chemical irritants."	1
"The photographer journeyed into America's heartland as a lone artist."	0
"In conclusion, incubation of the aorta produces a specific reduction in agonist-evoked contraction."	1
"You have been asked to make notes about a telephone call left by a colleague in the German office of the bank."	0
"Television screen size is measured diagonally, so that's what the 19", 22", 24", 32" measurements on televisions are referencing."	0
"Lesions in the internal capsule caused proportional leg weakness."	1
"Stimulation of the posterior horn of the medial meniscus produced a measurable amount of CMAP latency for the semimembranosus muscle."	1
"One plant was sealed in a flask as described."	0
"Some people voluntarily get involved with politicisation, while others become victims of circumstances created by the politicisation."	1
"Earplugs relieve the discomfort from traveling with a cold allergy or sinus condition."	1
"The enormous landslide, which was triggered by an exceptionally heavy rainfall event (500 mm in 24 h) on 30 October 1998."	1
"In the months leading up to trade negotiations, estimates of the economic gains from trade liberalization suddenly become newsworthy."	1
"The damage in Washington was so much less than the damage caused by the 1994 Northridge earthquake, despite that their magnitudes were so similar-- 6.8 vs. 6.7."	1
"Making a slow cook turkey in the crock pot is pretty similar to making one in the oven."	0
"The picture of the orb was then extracted from the photo and inverted and this is what was found to be inside of this tiny looking orb."	0
"The overall damage caused by the destruction of land and property for the Wall's construction has taken many years to recover further."	1
"Sheet and rill erosion is considered to be the most harmful of all soil erosion forms since it may be unnoticed or ignored by the peasant."	1
"The church comprises six portals, representing different architectural styles from Gothic to Renaissance style."	0
"The trays were placed into a mixed beaker of 4 drops Ivory liquid."	0
"The icon is generally a flat panel painting depicting a holy being or object."	0
"The Marshall Plan also provided a way of gaining public acceptance in Europe for the New Deal format that the United States had successfully used before the war to end the recession triggered by the 1929 Wall Street crash."	1
"Dogs develop a fever from stress and/or pain such as in a severe flea infestation."	1
"The bombing produced the worst carnage since a Nov. 23 attack in the Shi'ite slum of Sadr City that killed more than 200 people."	1
"The authors assessed the reliability of the basic diagnostic methods in series of 181 patients with bladder tumoursas compared with operative findings."	0
"Frustrations, threats, and conflicts cause stress."	1
"A vehicle accident with a utility pole cause a power outage."	1
"The pollution was caused by the shipwreck."	1
"Outcomes are integrated for the entire developmental disabilities population, including individuals who have multiple diagnoses."	0
"After the family leaves, remove the towel from under the chin of the deceased patient."	0
"Even the most self-contained stories have spawned sequels, or even prequels."	0
"Whilst audio sampled at 8kHz is sufficient for communication, such narrow-band speech does not sound natural, leading to user frustration after prolonged exposure, and making language learning difficult."	1
"When the professor was released from medical care, he was able to fly home on a commercial flight, but required being accompanied by a medical assistant."	0
"Swine flu is one of the leading causes of respiratory disease in swine throughout the world."	1
"Yet this signing statement issued by the president yesterday is the clearest signal yet that the administration wants to hold this option in reserve."	0
"The astronauts rode to the station in a capsule."	0
"Comedy was employed in a cathartic role against the tension, fear and grief caused by the fighting."	1
"Moreover, from the porch of the stoics he brings out matter, and places it on a par with the Divine Creator."	0
"There are many different types of saw blades, each of which is designed for a particular cut."	0
"Initially, the infantry component of the Guard consisted of one regiment of foot grenadiers and one of foot chasseurs, each with two march battalions and one training battalion."	0
"A method of mitigating the effect of a market spike caused by the triggering and the election of a conditional order includes monitoring conditional orders."	1
"As the right front wheel of Senna's car hit the wall, the violent impact caused a torsion on the steering column, causing it to break."	1
"I derive a tremendous amount of joy from teaching students in the research laboratory."	1
"The Order of Friars Minor Capuchin (OFM Cap) is an order of friars in the Roman Catholic Church, the chief and only permanent offshoot of the Franciscans."	0
"That year, summer students at the VLA made the first discovery of radio emission from a brown dwarf."	1
"The existing configurator I'm certain is built up of many parts expertly layered, probably mostly inside of this 'configed' program."	0
"But just think, sadness leads to fear then fear leads to anger."	1
"I also enjoyed the fact that the honey was in a bottle rather than those little packages that are almost impossible to open and make a huge mess once you manage to do so."	0
"Most Americans are interested in topics or questions that have to do with cultural differences and with language."	0
"Taking time for introductions and a brief tour of the building helps the pre-service teacher feel part of the school and aids the important transition from college student. Include the pre-service teacher on staff mailing list and in staff workshops and social functions."	0
"Energy expenditure through physical activity is a key component in the prevention and treatment of overweight and obesity."	1
"The increased spending caused a strain on the state treasury as the Sultan was spending increasing amounts of time in the harem rather than leading the people."	1
"That cooperation has been explicitly described in the press in recent days."	0
"We began to reverse the damage to one of the greatest rivers in the state caused by the construction of a dam nearly 70 years ago."	1
"Synaesthesia literally means 'union of the senses' and is defined as the stimulation of one sensory modality by another (e.g., sound by vision)."	0
"I recalled parental quotes from many yesterdays."	0
"Engineers manually manufacture parts in the areas of applied spray coatings, finishes, and other processes that cannot economically or practically be done by a machine."	0
"There have been various stories about the origin of the Chinese script, with nearly all ancient writers attributing it to a man named Cangjie."	0
"The vascular dilatation was caused by the sympathetic and the course of vaso-motor nerves."	1
"Air pollution from coal-fired power plants is large and varied and contributes to a significant number of negative environmental and health problems."	1
"The error was caused by the illegal embedded code tags."	1
"Millions of dollars are poured into research for the innermost recesses of the atom."	0
"Vietnam's response on the toll caused by the earthquake in Sichuan, China."	1
"Fog or smoke cause irritation to those with respiratory sensitivity."	1
"Scientists have put sensors into mobile phones."	0
"When they took the floor against a team favored to win the national championship, the patriots radiated carefree confidence."	1
"Rains and melting snow lead to Genesee County's biggest sewage spill of the year."	1
"His speech was a summary of known problems."	0
"By avoiding or limiting contact with trash the chance of contracting germs that lead to sickness or disease is decreased."	1
"On the way in we saw a big raft of Eider ducks and there were some tiny babies with them."	0
"The website publishes analytical articles as well as advanced statistics and projections for individuals and teams."	0
"A clip describing the bakery's investment in people as well as machines has been presented."	0
"I still shiver as I remember trying to page through economics texts by the flicker from candles while clad in overcoat, scarf, and little knitted gloves with the fingertips cut off, in the 4 p.m."	1
"The electromagnetic (EM) radiation from the sun arrives mostly in the form of visible and infrared wavelengths."	1
"The student moved his digressions into footnotes."	0
"An agreement to limit strategic launchers was reached in Vienna on June 18, 1979."	0
"Breast abscess is caused by infection of the engorged glandular system of the breasts."	1
"Following a decision made by the Typhoon Committee in cooperation with United Nations agencies and the League of Red Crescent Societies, ESCAP compiles every year region-wide statistics and reports on the harm caused by tropical cyclones, floods, droughts and other severe weather events."	1
"A dehydrator is best for the drying of high moisture herbs."	0
"Shrinkage from washing has always been considered a serious problem for cotton knitted fabrics."	1
"We seek to actually reverse the injury that has been caused by the heart attack."	1
"Cutler ended up with a bleeding stomach ulcer caused by the stress and hard work supervising their tours twenty-four hours a day."	1
"Immigrants accounted for more than half of Britain's population growth in recent years."	1
"It was a cloud of shrieking black bats that was attacking them."	0
"The editor improved the manuscript with his changes."	0
"Currently, there is no known cure for asbestos cancer but several mesothelioma treatment regimens have proven to be successful in helping the patient avoid pain and discomfort caused by the disease."	1
"As a guitarist I get so much satisfaction from the playing and performing of music."	1
"This mild and relatively common form of acne is caused by cosmetics."	1
"The story is being discussed on message boards."	0
"The complication arose from the light irradiation."	1
"Given the choice, I much prefer to have products with natural ingredient than have a bottle full of chemicals."	0
"This week we take a look at instructions for all grain beer brewing using a single step infusion mash setup."	0
"The acidity is caused by the gradual buildup of carbon dioxide (CO2) in the atmosphere, dissolving into the oceans."	1
"Voters passed on messages to members of the Congress by email."	0
"This photograph shows the vortices created by the water strider's legs as it moves across the water."	1
"A rock in the road caused an accident by breaking the rear wheel on the wagon."	1
"The sheer scale of the death and destruction caused by the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami is impossible to fathom, even five years on."	1
"In the last couple of years I have been working with my fear from darkness."	1
"The tsunami was generated by an undersea landslide, which was triggered by the earthquake."	1
"The acid was in a bottle but that the cap was knocked off when trash was thrown into the dumpster."	0
"Regardless I got my life back, sadness from divorce is GONE I am thrilled I am not bleeding, dont need red shorts to walk my daughter to the park."	1
"A careless attendant had hooked the padlock of the monkey cage in the staple, but had not locked it."	0
"High blood pressure is caused by a narrowing of the arteries, which means the heart has to work harder in order to push the blood through."	1
"The mother left her native land about the same time and they were married in that city."	0
"The river had now turned into full flood after the deluge of rain a few days ago."	1
"Dehydration is one of the lead causes of death in the world due to dirty water and felt this should be emphasized in global charity documentation."	1
"The humiliation comes from authorities and people making him loose faith in humanity."	1
"The curved spans of the bridge are the original sections."	0
"The guy put up a fight, so the mugger takes out a gun and shoots him, point blank."	1
"Several infections cause rash-fever disease that is commonly mistaken for measles."	1
"Acne is caused by hormonal imbalance within the body, but there are many other contributing factors to acne outbreaks."	1
"Amateur video has been posted online that shows some of the devastation caused by the tsunami waves."	1
"Newspapers swap content via widgets with the help of the newsgator service."	0
"China sent the premier to the meeting on the climate change."	0
"Like a scene from "Lord of the Rings", the wrestlers formed a wedge using a table as a shield and rushed the smark cluster en-masse."	0
"Even nuclear energy is among the causes of water pollution."	1
"Allaah decreed joy and sadness, because joy results in laughter and sadness leads to crying."	1
"Thursday afternoon the staff from the University of Wisconsin-Madison near Lake Mendota felt a shake and heard a noise like a boom which was triggered by an ice quake."	1
"The device is sometimes known as a Flettner rotor after the inventor of the basic principle."	0
"From banishing cold and flu germs to preventing foodborne illnesses, frequent hand-washing is one of the smartest preventive habits you can adopt."	1
"The severe recession triggered by the global crisis has bottomed out, thanks in part to a rebound in exports, although production remains the same."	1
"A congressman from the state of Texas, presented a bill regulating interstate commerce carried on railways."	0
"In the lineup, the police literally put the defendant in a line with other people to see if the victim or witness can identify anyone in the line as having participated in a crime."	0
"In about 985 the Seljuk clan split off from the bulk of the Tokuz-Oghuz, a confederacy of nine clans long settled between the Aral and Caspian Seas, and set up camp on the right bank of the lower Syr Darya (Jaxartes), in the direction of Jend, near Kzyl Orda in present day south-central Kazakhstan where they were converted to Islam."	0
"I already posted the product to your house last Friday."	0
"The table summarises the results for the remaining 567 women."	0
"My husband returned a $275 cashmere sweater to Jos."	0
"Habitat degradation from within stream channels, loss of riparian vegetation, and reductions in water quality degrade and also limit the population."	0
"The smell was radiating from all directions, from every tree and branch."	1
"This is made possible by unscrewing the three or four screws from the button of the mouse."	0
"With the Ramps and platform for off-ground vehicle washing, used water is collected in a receptacle below platform."	0
"The report insisted on the need to guarantee income security independently of the variations in economic circumstances."	0
"It shows a sailor with a list of crossed-out ex-girlfriend's names going down his arm."	0
"Like blood, the nanorobots deliver oxygen to each cell."	0
"From the operating area, when the operator moves the handgrip of the master arm, the motion gets reproduced on the tong of the slave arm in the remote area."	0
"A trend has been caused by the growing absolute numbers of young people on the planet, and by the rising unemployment rate."	1
"The vaccine is produced by the government and is not for sale to private individuals or companies."	0
"Much of the impetus behind the formation of the fund came from a wounded Vietnam veteran."	0
"The massacre resulted in a local and international onslaught."	1
"I have found that I have extremely sensitive skin and most cleaners cause rash or a burning sensation if it has contact with my skin."	1
"Music Label is a very mature product that uses a powerful database engine."	0
"Even way back in the San Francisco earthquake, most of the damage was caused by fire after the earthquake."	1
"Cuban ballplayers wield a bigger policy bat."	0
"The imbalance caused a torque on the moon that acted to synchronize its rotation with its orbit, so that one side is always facing the earth."	1
"They are intentionally sewn larger than the pillow to accommodate for shrinkage from washing."	1
"The ornaments were blown into complicated, multi-piece molds."	0
"Since the bar sold alcohol to a person that was already obviously intoxicated, it became liable for the subsequent harm that was caused by the drunk driver."	1
"By the end of 1559 the whole bench of catholic bishops had been replaced."	0
"After the pottery is formed, either by a potter's wheel or more primitive means, it has been left to thoroughly dry."	0
"Phobia like fear from crowd, fear from insects, fear from height etc all contribute in developing the anxiety disorder."	1
"Sea breezes are caused by cool and more dense air moving inland off the water."	1
"The reaction starts at a rather low temperature ( + 5C), and the calorimeter is run from 40 to 130C."	1
"I used to get terrible headaches from sinus and infections that resulted in taking antibiotics a few times a year."	1
"In general, I am not in favour of the television journalist, Mr Jeremy Paxman, a gentleman who reads the news with the impatience of a man astride a bike of wasps, but I must confess I have been warming to him in recent weeks."	0
"An oil spill caused by a collision between a ship and a barge closed the ship channel servicing the nation's second largest port."	1
"Nepala cabinet held a chilly outdoor meeting on a Mount Everest plateau today."	0
"Treasure Island is a gripping pirate story, fast-paced by the standards of its time and full of action."	0
"Givers gain moral strength and happiness from giving."	1
"The limited editions have arrived into our warehouse in time for the release date on Thursday."	0
"A polio outbreak in Nigeria was caused by the vaccine designed to stop it, leaving at least 69 children paralyzed."	1
"A good neck support pillow can be used while you are sleeping to remedy the neck pain which has been caused by the stresses and strains of your daily routine."	1
"And after waiting two days, I finally decide to send an email to inquire about my car reservation and I explained my trouble."	0
"On returning home, the patient's grandmother applied a poultice to the child's ankle overnight with the aim of reducing pain and inflammation."	0
"The bruises are caused by the attacker's fingertips pressing into the skin."	1
"We sailed to Neptune's Grotto on one of the boat excursions from the harbour."	0
"Some of you remember the story of William Kamkwamba, the boy who at 14 built a 12-watt windmill from improvised materials for his famine-stricken home in Africa."	0
"The statute applied to the six dominions which existed in 1931."	0
"An agenda of deeper reforms can boost public confidence even as it undoes a lot of the distress caused by the financiers and bankers."	1
"Shampoos work by using acid to remove hard water scale."	0
"The ship has already provoked the debate its crew is seeking even before lifting its anchor."	0
"The accident caused a traffic snarl on the ever busy bridge leading to diversions to other routes."	1
"For cricket, we use a ball with pellets inside it, which make a noise."	0
"The storm ended up causing about a fraction of the damage caused by the Chesapeake Bay storm."	1
"Finally, the solute was placed inside a beaker and 5 mL of the solvent was pipetted into a 25 mL glass flask for each trial."	0
"The statue of an Aztec god is carried into a temple."	0
"Each bid was enclosed in a sealed envelope bearing the title of the Project."	0
"Many adults retain scars from acne breakouts during their teen years and feel marked for life."	1
"This user plays games on a portable console."	0
"Much like the virus that caused the 1918 flu pandemic, this new H1N1 flu virus affects young adults and school children in greater numbers."	1
"The process departs from an inspiration and idea generation phase based on challenges the company faces in the coming years."	1
"In ancient Egypt, the people in that civilization depilated their bodies to prevent infestation of fleas and lice."	0
"Ku's sculpture-like knitwear was inspired by the concept of 'Sculpture.'"	0
"One of the most dreaded types of scars are contracture scars from burns."	1
"Commodities that sell and bear rents are also products, including the coils that help distill whiskey, the tatters of the beggar, the retorts of the adulterating druggist, the jimmy of the burglar and the brig of the pirate."	0
"The document makes reference to three similar incidents."	0
"The winds are caused by moisture, originating off the Pacific coast, cooling as they climb the western slopes, and then rapidly warming as they drop down the eastern side of the mountains."	1
"The scintillator material produces visible light when transversed by the particle's radiated energy."	1
"It damaged some components of espresso machines and the plastics inside the machine absorbed it and started to pass on odour and taste to the espresso."	0
"Because the disorders are caused by defective lysosomal enzymes, with the result being lysosomal accumulation of pathway intermediates, these are often referred to as lysosomal storage diseases."	1
"The tides caused by the sun follow the exact same methods as those by the moon."	1
"Most of the flooding has been caused by the clogging of drains."	1
"For example, measles and chickenpox cause rashes along with other symptoms."	1
"To that end, the coalition has established some local recreational activities, including Laser Tag and paintball."	1
"A low temperature superconducting magnet has been delivered to Ad Astra's Houston facility."	0
"Mouth blown by a glass-blower, each vase is slightly different."	0
"Violation in the text associated concepts was brought into the working memory in an attempt to resolve the violation."	0
"The order is posted to an overseas address."	0
"In one of the scenes when Robert and Francessca are talking in front of his truck, a reflection of one of the movie set lights is seen on the hood of the truck."	0
"It is an international, monthly magazine dedicated to all forms of contemporary sculpture."	0
"Tina Moeckel and Gail Coakley have been with the Guild for 17 years, have sons and daughters who they have danced with onstage, worked with backstage, and belong to a sisterhood of women dancers, now lifelong friends."	0
"The instability grows from an perturbation whose initial amplitude is small."	1
"The fluids are enclosed in a vertical cylinder of aspect ratio and heated from below."	0
"Extensive damage at the mine has been caused by the strikers."	1
"The servant who carves removes the fat with a spoon."	0
"The newly recruited soldiers arrived to the training camp."	0
"The stong earthquake caused a blackout on the sound stage and short-circuited some of the neon-tubed violins."	1
"Lena Basilone, a cook at Camp Pendleton, was in the hospital recovering from a severe kitchen burn after the spilling of scalding liquid on her feet."	1
"Constipation is the most common cause of abdominal pain in the pediatric population."	1
"Accident causes delays on BW Parkway."	1
"The new software is shipped to the major distributors."	0
"The electricity is produced by 440 nuclear reactors in 31 countries."	1
"He had a parcel of twelve deer grazing his land as well as some cows so he probably required a larger water supply -- hence the Canal."	0
"Many different bacteria, protozoa and viruses cause food poisoning, but most cases are the result of just a few species of bacteria."	1
"Excluding the current outbreaks caused by the H5N1 virus, only 24 outbreaks of highly pathogenic avian influenza have been recorded worldwide since 1959."	1
"The newspaper was being kept in a box."	0
"The subjects adjusted the signal level with a shop-built attenuator."	0
"The mouse has left and right buttons on top, 4-Direction scroll ball between them."	0
"Sixty five million years ago an asteroid caused the extinction of the dinosaurs."	1
"The period of tumor shrinkage after radiation therapy is often long and varied (mean 29 months)."	1
"We estimate a wind speed associated with the devastation caused by the tornado."	1
"The patient experiences displaced emotional and financial deprivation as well as anger after the divorce."	1
"Many shoulder problems are caused by the breakdown of soft tissues in the shoulder region."	1
"The current view is that the chronic inflammation in the distal part of the stomach caused by Helicobacter pylori infection results in an increased acid production from the non-infected upper corpus region of the stomach."	1
"The output noise was caused by the biasing resistors and the shot noises of the base currents of Q1 and Q4."	1
"Extending Ninject injects dependencies into action filters."	0
"This week we donated handcrafted fabric works to the local church."	0
"The weather resulted in several deaths and hundreds of accidents."	1
"The Gulf monetary union pact has come into effect."	0
"All 18 of the men assist that season."	0
"They had been alerted that the cocaine was in a crate of turkeys, but they didn't see any."	0
"A women fear from darkness, insects, cockroaches, mice, lizards, spiders and more and more."	1
"We placed the buns into the steamer, leaving 1-2 inches between each bun."	0
"Statistical analysis was made using the PCSM program."	0
"The man placed the cartridge into the printer."	0
"The deeper currents are caused by heat from the sun."	1
"In doing this we recognize that English language teaching comprises a global community of teachers and learners in a range of social contexts."	0
"Relieve spinal stenosis by enlarging the spinal canal to relieve pressure on the spinal cord that has been caused by a herniated or bulging disc."	1
"The hull caused a scratch on the eye and that is why it's not healing all the way."	1
"A customer picks and chooses the level of information by using podcasting."	0
"The reports regarding the casualties has been announced and the loss that has been caused by the quake is being estimated."	1
"Overpopulation and poverty cause tension not only within communities and countries, but throughout the world."	1
"In addition to the Sudanese rebels, the bombing resulted in the deaths of several Chadian civilians and livestock."	1
"The inflammation is caused by the growth of unusual bacteria, which usually results from antibiotic use."	1
"Rowan Berry Wine is a classic Ancient method to form a fruit wine based on rowan berries."	0
"He also went on to found NeXT Inc., a computer company that built machines with futuristic designs."	0
"This region boasts a treasure trove of concerts, museums, and other cultural offerings."	0
"This system proved to be effective during the earthquake; only one large painting fell from an interior wall which apparently took an unusually strong jolt."	0
"The Gateway DX-4822-01 computer makes a convincing pitch with the performance numbers and features to earn its place in your home."	0
"The southern supercell produced the longest tornado track of the outbreak (tornado #4)."	1
"The new phone has been moved into prototype stage."	0
"The closure caused a backup on the freeway for several miles northbound as cars were detoured to the Lost Hills Road exit and over to Agoura Road to head south on Las Virgenes."	1
"The EU sent peacekeepers to the Middle Eastern region."	0
"Experts said that the creation of such facilities contributes to strengthening the city's position as one of eastern Cuba's major tourist destinations."	0
"He put on a gold pointed hat and read out jokes from the crackers."	0
"The monitor was enclosed in the lid of the wire recorder case."	0
"Whenever we try a new butcher we always buy the butcher's sausage first."	0
"As a typical case, the slow motion of a swarm of particles in a viscous fluid was studied both theoretically and experimentally."	0
"Infectious conjunctivitis is the most common cause of pinkeye around the world."	1
"Financial stress is one of the main causes of divorce."	1
"Infectious mononucleosis due to the Epstein-Barr virus causes exudative tonsillitis or pharyngitis in about one-half of cases."	1
"Significant reductions of these levels produce pastries with poor lift in the oven and with unacceptable shrinkage after cooling."	1
"Of the situation in the fifteenth century, Parkes remarks: 'The mass of the people cultivated the land'."	0
"But the earthquake triggered by the eruption of Thera struck first."	1
"The block was fetched into the cache."	0
"Flag holders have been pushed into the floor to remove the bump on top of the flag."	0
"From 1958 to the present, he has cautiously undertaken a close collaboration with a pleiad of reputed authors in his cinematic endeavors."	0
"The light in the background is from the sunrise."	1
"Batteries kept in good condition have a 5 to 6 year service life."	0
"He was a trouble maker then, a leader in SDS, and a trouble maker he remains."	1
"Hiccups are caused by a spasm contracting the diaphragm, a muscle essential in human respiration."	1
"Researchers placed the compound in a tube, which then was put inside a magnet."	0
"The storm resulted in 31 deaths and 2.5 million dollars damage."	1
"My vegetable garden was destroyed by a labor of moles."	0
"200000 doses of smallpox vaccine have been shipped to 35 states."	0
"The basic indicator of the health condition of trees, stands and forests is tree defoliation."	1
"In North America, about 58 percent of the wildfires are caused by humans."	1
"It makes the drive more comfortable by intelligently seeking out what the passengers inside the car prefer in terms of temperature, music, lighting etc."	0
"Plantar warts are caused by a virus that infects the outer layer of skin on the soles of the feet."	1
"She moved the files into a shared folder."	0
"No one found the handcuff key, which was hidden in a small pouch in his gym shorts."	0
"He sees taxation as a central instrument for the government (over and above revenue raising) especially for re-distribution of wealth."	0
"The entire post was placed into the upcoming events."	0
"The crash caused a gash on the west side of the Pentagon measuring 30 yards wide and 10 yards deep."	1
"The cause for the jump to over 30,000 was the deterioration in the economy triggered by a series of bankruptcies among banks and securities firms."	1
"Either we saw our mothers show fear from bugs /spiders/cockroaches and learned to fear them irrationally."	1
"Under-keel clearances in the Panama Canal (PC) and the SLS were calculated for ship transits by comparison of elevations of the ship's keel and channel bottom."	0
"The answer to the inquiry was solicited from his own mouth through the questioning of the Lord, who then directed him to live in accordance with what he knew."	0
"Ironically, the damage caused by the floods, and the subsequent insurance payout, were what prompted the restoration of the station building."	1
"The journal also contains book reviews and two regular columns that digest news from other sources."	0
"Typically, varieties of this sort were grown on flat land by peasants."	0
"In economic terms, pollution from fossil fuels is regarded as a negative externality and should be taxed."	1
"She had struggled violently with her attacker, who killed her with a blunt instrument."	0
"At the bottom of the church steps were three brown parishioners; two more were perched precariously on the railing of the deck."	0
"But by far the most frequent tsunami-maker is the buckling of the seafloor caused by an undersea earthquake."	1
"Knee injuries from running are treated and prevented by following tips and performing stretches from Runner's World.com."	1
"Instead, the doctor had administered a drug which had caused the eventual death of the child."	1
"I too, get a headache from wine, and was always told that it was the sulfites."	1
"The flooding, caused by a cyclone, came on the heels of a prolonged drought, which destroyed 60 percent of Fiji's sugar cane crop last year and cost more than 50 million Fijian dollars (25 million US) in relief and rehabilitation."	1
"Method according to claim 1, characterized in that the time duration of the quality reduction is limited at least to the duration of the interference triggered by the switching process."	1
"In relation to the catastrophe caused by the rains of recent days in the Sierra and Coastal zones of Chiapas."	1
"The message was inside a box of Post Toasties."	0
"The reactor meltdown caused a chain reaction that destroyed all the towers in the network."	1
"My earliest research interest stemmed from an internship at Tall Timbers."	1
"The eruptions are caused by tectonic forces or by the compaction of sediments at the deltas of large rivers, such as the Mississippi."	1
"Forward motion of the vehicle through the air caused a suction on the road draft tube."	1
"The women that caused the accident was on the cell phone and ran thru the intersection without pausing on the median."	1
"A student who fell from a seventh floor balcony in Mexico and had been in a coma for several weeks returns to the UK."	0
"Apparently, beyond the damage caused by the smoke and the water, the structure of the store itself it was not overly damaged."	1
"Eighty percent of the mortgage fraud has been caused by the banks and the lending institutions."	1
"The organization has also been the subject of much conspiracy parody."	0
"Use outdoor where sunlight and glare cause eye strain and fatigue."	1
"It took Sonu Shamdasani, the primary translator and the writer of a 33-page introductory essay, two years to persuade Jung's family to let him start working on a colour copy of the original book."	0
"Stone grinding flattens the ski base, removes burnt and damaged base material and provides important micro-structure."	0
"In South Africa, which has one of the best police to public ratios on the continent, the share of murders that result in a conviction is about 18%, compared to 56% in the US and 61% in the UK."	1
"Also (on a proportional basis) the rainbow caused by the spray appeared smaller than that of the other rainbow."	1
"Guitars are played acoustically; the tone is produced by the vibration of the strings which is amplified by the body of the guitar, which acts as a large hollow resonating chamber, or they may rely on an amplifier that can electronically manipulate tone."	1
"When service time came, he carefully put the wine in a cradle that holded it at an angle."	0
"The wind caused a neat effect on the smoke clouds though, causing a corkscrew in the otherwise straight line."	1
"The irritation from the chemicals in the tobacco is considered to be the number one contributing factor."	1
"Swine Flu - Popular name for the illness caused by the H1N1 virus."	1
"Wind and water cause weathering and erosion to change the shape of the earth."	1
"To help doctors to know and cure headaches from medication overuse a revised criteria was published by the International Headache Society."	1
"Music is used by surgeons to ease operations."	0
"Gross revenues from the selling of crude oil in 2003 reached US$11.508 billion or some 112.85 percent of the amount targeted in the 2003 state budget."	1
"Known by the medical field as tinea cruris, jock itch is a persistent reddish, flaky, and itchy rash in the groin and around the anus caused by a fungal imbalance on the skin."	1
"I have always drawn satisfaction from exertion, straining my muscles to their limits."	1
"One bottle of red wine in a carton box costs 6 euro per order unit."	0
"The great news is that germs causing recreational water illnesses are killed by chlorine."	1
"That happens when the media makes a mistake."	1
"Diatoms have an external skeleton of silica and silicon may therefore be a limiting element to diatom population growth."	0
"I have an additional concern about body exposure to any electromagnetic radiation, from computers and cell phones held next to the body."	1
"The accolade was decided upon after an intense discussion between about 200 members."	1
"Cold sores or fever blisters are caused by the herpes simplex virus and are usually relatively easy to identify."	1
"The common cold and the flu are caused by different viruses, with symptoms of the flu presenting more quickly and with more severity than those of a cold."	1
"This invention relates to a mooring fender apparatus, particular an apparatus to protect the gunnel and rub rail of a boat."	0
"The study is the first major contribution to the global warming debate by an economist, rather than an environmental scientist."	0
"A spot fire is caused by burning embers being blown away by high winds that occur during bushfires."	1
"But in 1993, Montalban had a 10-hour surgery to try to alleviate the pain and discomfort from this injury."	1
"Fortunately the drift of the cattle traffic is eastward, and as yet there has been no propagation of the poison in the great cattle ranges of the West."	0
"This case arises from a December 21, 2005 automobile accident that resulted in the death of Larry Haynes."	1
"The polonium was contained in a tantalum capsule which was closed by beliarc welding remotely controlled manipulators."	0
"Strings in the clavichord run transversely from the hitchpin rail at the left-hand end to tuning pegs on the right."	0
"The themes of love and gaiety were reflected in sculpture, as were elements of nature, curving lines and asymmetry."	0
"Historical view of the damage caused by the 1693 Catania earthquake and the reconstruction activities."	1
"The cathode emits electrons."	1
"The money was locked in a safe on the premises."	0
"Weak ligaments are caused by problems with collagen (protein fibres in the ligaments)."	1
"Halfway into the flight to LA, a passenger took a photograph and the icy blue flash from the camera bounced momentarily across the dimly lit cabin."	0
"The presentation generated debate and there was general discussion on how journalists can better equip themselves to handle the challenges."	1
"Exposure to vapor causes intense watering and irritation to eyes."	1
"When a tsunami is generated by a strong offshore earthquake, its first waves would reach the outer coast minutes after the ground stops shaking."	1
"The sun emits light or radiation at a large range of energies or frequencies."	1
"In reality, acne is caused by bacteria and oil on the skin."	1
"From the outset, the TV reporters started talking about two disasters: the natural disaster which was caused by the hurricane and the man-made disaster which happened in New Orleans, the blame for which was laid at the hands of George Bush."	1
"The author wrote a book, Moneyball, that drove baseball's clubby traditionalists crazy."	0
"The launcher released a satellite into geosynchronous transfer orbit at 23.31 GMT."	0
"Each side of the clock has a button that, when pressed, starts the other team's timer running."	0
"Hitting out of anger is absolutely wrong."	1
"Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that deals with crimes, their detection, criminals and their motives."	0
"The company has entered into a reseller agreement."	0
"These tests are a major theme of the book, so it is worth investigating them."	0
"Electron microscopes are scientific instruments that use a beam of highly energetic electrons to examine objects on a very fine scale."	0
"The flu shot was given to young children, pregnant women, and elders first."	0
"Neuralgia (TN) is the most common cause of chronic sinusitis headache."	1
"Marital breakdown is often attributed to unresolved grief from infertility, miscarriage, and the loss of a child."	1
"Sumatera (Yagasu) made a profit from the selling of women groups' handicrafts activities."	1
"The presentation uses animation to show how germs and microbes cause sickness, and outlines simple preventive measures."	1
"These companies have delivered new products or service to their clients."	0
"The tardiness however has been caused by the arrival of my old man; who in true Bloodworth fashion has had me walking everywhere."	1
"The deaths of Israelis caused by terror are permanent and irreversible whereas the hardships faced by the Palestinians are temporary and reversible."	1
"Picture of a woodcut portraying the harm caused by the quake."	1
"The aim of this paper is to present a model for the determination of the monetary values."	0
"A surgeon carefully applies the splints to the forearm."	0
"The various forms of idealistic, materialistic and agnostic philosophies are subject to the tension caused by the indicated situation."	1
"Preliminary experiments seemed to support this idea in that the quenches produced the predicted high vortex-densities."	1
"Preeclampsia is still one of the leading causes of maternal mortality."	1
"The Tour of California raced through West Marin on Monday in a blur of speeding bicyclists and their caravan of support vehicles, once again sparking charges that it puts spectators in harm's way."	0
"The weight of the pharmaceutical in a capsule is dependent on the volume of the channel in the dosage plate and the density of the pharmaceutical."	0
"But the discomfort caused by the ointment and the duration of treatment often result in non-compliance."	1
"And so I was in the group that took the taxi to the restaurant and then back again to the end of the race."	0
"The corporate regulator has been dragged into undertaker's inquiry."	0
"The truck carried homemade weapons, and the blast was caused by the mishandling of weapons."	1
"The teacher set up an activity where each time the dancer performed a tendu with a fully stretched foot she received a tag."	0
"A textile mill is a factory for making textiles."	0
"Years later, and here I am, thirteen years old, the child with her nose pressed up against the window waving goodbye."	0
"Sorace was unaware that her anger was caused by the abuse."	1
"Air pollution causes smog and respiratory problems when breathed."	1
"Because sports broadcast reports on-going events within a constrained physical situation, contextualized reference is extremely high in these texts."	0
"The breakdown of the linear relation of J,1 D at peakeffect region indicates that the peakeffect originates from an addition pinning effect."	1
"The land was farmed for cattle, but segments of the forests were sold off and the chapel fell into disrepair."	0
"The Vatican's Pontifical Council for Social Communications has blessed an app developed by an Italian priest."	0
"The rudders in dinghy boats are either fixed or have a lifting blade."	0
"The effect of pain relief by acupuncture lasts for an extended period of time, sometimes months after the needle was removed."	1
"In order for handwashing to be effective, vigorous friction, ample lather from soap, and thorough rinsing are needed to remove the germs from the hands."	0
"The dust, noise, and sleep deprivation produced by the construction are intolerable."	1
"The liftable scaffold 10 has a platform 12 including a frame 14."	0
"This way the idle speed is set correctly using the Bypass screw without touching the screw on the throttle arm, which has to be set exactly right."	0
"Injected clodronate was removed into dialysate."	0
"The helicopter was landing into the high grass during the combat SAR demo with soldiers on board."	0
"Student protests are turning into a Twitter revolution in Moldova."	1
"Japanese commuters look at a clock inside a Tokyo train station."	0
"Boils or furuncles are caused by staphylococcal bacterial infections of the hair follicles."	1
"The distance between a blog writer and an audience happens only if the audience never shows up."	0
"These tests establish baseline information on employees and help insure that they are appropriately matched to the physical demands of their jobs."	1
"This is one of the more common causes of hair loss caused by stress and when you are losing hair because of this your hair stops growing and lies dormant."	1
"Coconut rice and potato stew was a Sunday lunch on a day when I wanted to spend as less time as possible in the kitchen."	0
"It's a best mobile terminal for a programmer or geek."	0
"This time, though, they left the fire unattended and the wind caused nearby leaves to catch fire, spreading 14 feet to the building."	1
"The example from the book is building a GWT based Todo List with different categories, something which is actually quite handy to have."	0
"The water pushed to the coast resulted in tides as much as three feet above normal, with waves of 5-10 feet atop these tides."	1
"The spring molt produces mottled brown feathers, making the female almost invisible as she sits on her nest."	1
"Around the globe, unique and fascinating species face extinction from hunting and habitat destruction, which affects vulnerable animals in every kind of environment."	1
"Five space shuttle orbiters have flown into space on NASA's missions."	0
"The old man fixed the children with a firm stare."	0
"The clashes resulted in a great deal of bloodshed, including the deaths of at least 1200 civilians and 180 Pakistani soldiers."	1
"Osteoporosis is caused by a sharp decrease in estrogen levels that leads to an increased rate of bone remodeling."	1
"The series comprises some re-issues of the previous books, as well as new titles."	0
"My pug has little bumps under his chin."	0
"The clock struck twelve with a loud chime that made me jump."	1
"So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight."	1
"On both of my systems, the reboot produced the ominous message 'Missing operating system'."	1
"In New York, I had dinner with a friend who graduated from a prominent evangelical college; he was active in a pro Israel student organization."	0
"The events at the trial caused the dissolution of the Communist League, and a general dampening of revolutionary activity."	1
"Paralysis or convulsions are caused by hormone deficiencies and imbalances."	1
"The cognac was in a bottle from which the label, if it ever had one, had long since vanished."	0
"Alternators generate electricity by the same principle as DC generators."	1
"About 3% of 2-4 year olds show marked dental decay due to sleeping with a bottle full of juice or milk."	0
"The optical signal is generated by an externally modulated tunable laser, and introduced to the chip through a tapered fiber."	1
"The storm was generated by an intense cold front moving across drought-affected areas in South Australia and NSW."	1
"The incoming water caused a stain on the wall that, through the lens of pareidolia, looked like a bearded man with a big afro hairdo."	1
"These old power plants produce pollution that causes smog, acid rain and global warming, and they generate radioactive wastes and other toxic pollutants."	1
"The case has been examined in several books."	0
"That coupled with the death and destruction caused by the storm was a very traumatic experience for these residents."	1
"Chronic coughing from smoking increases the risk of developing a hernia."	1
"A couple embraced next to vehicles piled up by flood waters in Tlalnepantla, Mexico."	0
"An accident has been caused by the fog."	1
"The transmitter generates the electromagnetic wave, some of which will be incident on the receiver."	1
"Birchwood and Stockton Heath were called to the scene after pyrotechnics used during one of the performances caused a fire on the main stage."	1
"The transmitter emits a constant radio signal to crea."	1
"The influence of hole shape on extraordinary optical transmission was investigated using hole arrays consisting of rectangular holes with different aspect ratios."	0
"Electroconvulsive therapy has been depicted in several fictional and semi-fictional films, books, and songs."	0
"Tribble's one-story, wood-frame home is the 34th that the group has constructed in the county."	0
"The student guide, consisting of a list and description of courses offered by each Faculty, is published on the website of the University."	0
"Heart, blood vessels, blood are parts of the circulatory system."	0
"The JNC also is currently accepting applications for the vacancy created by the retirement of Judge Edwin B. Browning, Jr."	1
"The tea was in a cup and not as the menu suggested in a pot."	0
"A copy of the survey was enclosed in the back-up materials packet."	0
"The war resulted in other collateral imperial conquests as well."	1
"The fact that you actually caused an accident that resulted in injury or death gives them the justification they need to prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law, and seek the toughest penalties possible."	1
"The low oil prices caused the collapse of the wall and the Russian empire."	1
"The kitchen was full of smoke."	0
"My soda came in a can."	0
"The third conflict has been caused by the highly polluted wastewater from the industrial park around the town of Kemalpasha."	1
"The famous actress arrived at the airport."	0
"It's the quality inside a fertilizer bag."	0
"The industry only reports incidents that have resulted in serious physical injuries, and reporting is left up to the cruise line with no oversight."	1
"The next paragraphs introduce some simple ideas from weighted digraph analysis."	0
"The local newspaper keeps New Brighton residents informed on various events in the city."	0
"The manure was stored in open sheds, though some stored it in closed sheds."	0
"The term has been used by a number of publications discussing the phenomenon."	0
"They are all in on it and the same people who caused the destruction of the economy are still running the show so they can keep us down and buy up the country cheap."	1
"A loop emiting short flashes of light is projected onto volunteer members of the audience."	1
"Morton's neuroma is the most common cause of localized pain in the third interspace and these diagnostic tests produce good indications of the condition."	1
"In a person who already has some neck tension from stress, such an event can lead to a long-term increase of neck tension."	1
"Most sewing machines use a sturdier stitch known as the lock-stitch."	0
"The cramps are caused by the anxiety reaction but because the sufferer has high anxiety, they can be interpreted in other ways; fears grow and the anxiety worsens."	1
"Glaucoma is one of the leading causes for blindness and currently about 90 million patients worldwide are affected by the disease."	1
"This is a list of films that feature extraterrestrial life."	0
"The company moved into the music business."	0
"Many commercial soap, shower gel or cleanser products contain preservatives, colorants and chemicals that cause dryness, rashes, itchiness and roughness on the skin."	1
"As longtime publishers in the healthcare industry, we, too, are skeptical about the glut of startups in this area."	0
"There are everyday actions that can help prevent the spread of germs that cause respiratory illnesses like influenza."	1
"This is movingly symbolised in the film in the way that people's homes were bare, all their memories and pictures were in a box."	0
"A state church is created by the state, as in the cases of the Anglican Church, created by Henry VIII."	0
"Tides are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon and sun, and the rotation of the Earth."	1
"The US patent system is in a crisis that has been caused by the flood of patent applications being filed at the USPTO every year."	1
"A moat keeps the enemy at bay."	0
"The famous actor donated 100 houses to victims of last year's flood."	0
"Up to 85% of viruses that cause respiratory illness are identified by the technology."	1
"I stand here above the twisting gorge the winds have carved out of the sand."	0
"Learning about the dynamics of addiction starts from repairing the damage that has been caused by the addiction."	1
"A magnetic bracelet helps the pain from stroke in your arm."	1
"Merchants often have a small statue of a cat with its paw raised in their store window."	0
"The best kept secret for avoiding abdominal weight gain due to stress is the use of adaptogens."	1
"Even the thinnest crack in a humidor is an open invitation to cigar beetles."	0
"We have recently determined the corruption was (ironically) triggered by the SMART utilities."	1
"Endometriosis is the cause of pelvic pain (dysmenorrhea, dyspareunia) and infertility in more than 35% of women of reproductive age."	1
"A single blow made with the chisel angled incorrectly cracks a block or break a delicate protrusion."	0
"Scientists warn that the damage caused by the fishing industry is irreparable."	1
"Viruses that cause respiratory illness typically are capable of causing a range of clinical manifestations, and asymptomatic infections are possible."	1
"Thus, the princess was born in the midst of the storm that swept over the world in March, 1848."	0
"Each student is a participant in a web conferencing session."	0
"There are many types and causes of headaches, from tension headaches due to stress to migraines triggered by certain foods."	1
"Then all the Evil Llamas has cried and a flink of cows has rampaged threw the streets trying to find the person that killed him."	0
"The construction gives a refinement of Nori's argument in the case of a self-product of a curve."	1
"The announcement of the game caused a stir on the web yesterday, with the Weekly Standard launching a protest campaign encouraging readers to e-mail Microsoft and T-Enterprise, the out-of-its-depth company that had hired actual Gitmo detainee Moazzam Begg as a consultant on the game."	1
"While it took only minutes for the Pacific tsunami and earthquake to cause havoc to the south coast of Samoa, the rebuilding and reconstruction efforts will take years."	1
"He poured his passion into his lover."	0
"We saved the planet from the imperialist threat."	0
"Nurses' militancy stemmed from two different kinds of experiences."	1
"The relative proportion of the vancomycin release from the bone cement was lower, although its initial quantity was four times higher."	0
"The fire inside WTC was caused by exploding fuel."	1
"French people find truffles by taking a drift of hogs into the oak forests to locate and dig for them."	0
"A fire triggered by the blasts damaged eight buildings at the plant, including one that was burned down."	1
"The exhibition The Art of the Motorcycle caused a revolution on the museum scene with its presentation of the motorcycle as a metaphor of the 20th century."	1
"The red colobus groups went away from the chimpanzees when they were alone and no potential association partner was around."	0
"He also provides the news that the 300-year old tradition of paying by cheque is on the way out."	0
"The protest resulted in hours of traffic jams on Guangzhou's major roads, such as Guangyuanxi Lu, Huangshidong Lu and Dongfeng Lu."	1
"The second biggest factor affecting the sound produced by a drum is the tension at which the drum head is held against the shell of the drum."	1
"This is the first book by this author that I have read and I thoroughly enjoyed it."	0
"The piper made many recordings, including an album called The King of the Highland Pipers."	0
"A cancer survivor writes about the relatively rare occurrence of calcification of the breast after radiation therapy."	1
"I won't tell you how much music means now, in these times, when you are battling depression from unemployment."	1
"Bertolli takes pages and pages of text to explain the significance of flours."	0
"The dispute has resulted in major regional wars and two Palestinian Intifadas with tragedies on both sides."	1
"The study report compares the genetic structure of two vastly different flowering plants to see whether differences exist in the set of circuits that create each species' flower."	0
"The longest hairs that make the tip of the brush all have the same length and stay evenly together."	0
"Several blocks of flats caught fire after the blaze spread from a building site in Sumner Road."	1
"Canine flea infestation is caused by fleas, which are small, wingless blood-sucking insects."	1
"A year after the government applied a tourniquet to the banking industry, the bleeding has slowed."	0
"The volunteers enjoy a sense of satisfaction and personal fulfillment from helping others, and recent findings suggest that this feeling may well be a major reason why many people choose to volunteer."	1
"World practices have shown that often local authorities are quicker to respond to the natural disasters caused by the climate change."	1
"This Christmas, visitors travelled to the vineyard by the free bus."	0
"My view of how the brain works is rooted in an evolutionary perspective that moves from the fact that our mental life reflects the actions of many."	1
"Soya farming is one of the main causes of tropical deforestation, which currently produces a fifth of global climate change."	1
"A photo of a paddle wheel boat on the Mississippi River at New Orleans."	0
"Sinusitis and tinnitus cause stress or anxiety."	1
"The fresh Muslim anger has been caused by the opening speech delivered by Pope Benedict XVI on September 12, 2006."	1
"The left-turns are sequenced to correspond to the arrival of the group of cars from the upstream signal."	0
"This week, for example, brought a public statement by the head of NOW acknowledging that the fight to have women valued for their inner beauty is essentially a wash."	0
"Videotape is a fragile medium subject to damage and deterioration from exposure to poor environmental conditions and inadequate handling practices."	1
"A representative is a technical guarantor, a partner or an officer of an enterprise who is a member of the corporation and who is designated as a representative for the enterprise in accordance with sections 79 and 80 of the Regulation respecting the internal management of the Corporation of Master Electricians of Quebec."	0
"Bankers were assessing the loss caused by the poor performance of Gartmore's 340m pounds IPO this week after it needed to be scaled down and its price slashed."	1
"The author's new novel, a staggeringly detailed and charged re-creation of the period between the end of the 19th century and the first world war, overflows with people attempting to define their responsibilities."	0
"Angela works with authors who've completed a nonfiction book, and also with authors who are just in the planning stages."	0
"These centres, along with appropriate educational and psychosocial interventions, helped children overcome the trauma and stress caused by the earthquake."	1
"High winds caused delays and cancellations of some state ferries."	1
"Both praise and blame cause concern, for they bring people hope and fear."	1
"The resulting anti-social behaviour from alcohol consumption is an on-going matter that the town and the police continue to address, particularly in the summer months."	1
"The dataset was extracted from internal documents of the Ministry of Justice and analysed using standard demographic and epidemiological methods."	0
"The reindeer made his television debut on NBC in 1964, when Rankin/Bass produced a stop-motion animated TV special."	0
"Stress and anxiety trigger panic attacks, however healthy people may experience panic attacks, but they are no that common."	1
"Thousands of drummers and dancers perform in the streets of Kandy accompanied by a parade of ornamented elephants."	0
"The troubled company is still feeling aftershocks after its devastating withdrawal of the pain medication Vioxx six months ago."	1
"The debris caused a crash on the Schuylkill, and it has been closed for hours because of the mishap."	1
"The boy ends up having to find a second and third pendant in order to save his family, following clues left by the followers of an ancient brotherhood of four forgotten British kings."	0
"This program is an effective step to mitigate damage from hurricanes, but let us not forget this is a retroactive measure."	1
"The dust from the extinguishers set off the alarm."	1
"The gist of Stephen's talk was the need for BRMSs to evolve to the next level."	0
"Anthony finds inspiration in a beautiful, enigmatic older woman who teaches him to follow his heart and find happiness through swing dancing."	1
"The eruption resulted in massive lahar flows (a mixture of ash, lava, rock and water), primarily in the Rio Montana and Marker watersheds."	1
"Because the rotors of the turbines are relatively slow-moving, they pose little threat to fish and other small marine life."	0
"The Fujita Scale is used to rate the intensity of a tornado by examining the damage caused by the tornado after it has passed over a man-made structure."	1
"He testified that cause of death was massive bleeding into the blood sac of the heart caused by a stab wound on the left chest."	1
"The tsunamis triggered by the massive earthquakes plunged those provinces into crisis: the number of people dead and missing has reached to 245,782 people."	1
"Individual donors make a significant difference in addressing the suffering caused by the economic crisis."	1
"Thailand has been bracing itself for a downturn in the wake of the bombs, especially in the tourist sector."	1
"For all the pain caused by the great recession, the job market still was not in as bad shape as it had been during the depths of the early 1980s recession, until now."	1
"Dacryoadenitis is caused by local infection of the lacrimal gland by bacteria or viruses."	1
"Harbor Beach man pleads in case that stemmed from dog attack on tot."	1
"Details of new contract were under discussion."	0
"The patient had crushed a pencil with this toe about 30 years previously."	0
"The constant polarization voltage between the two electrodes instigates the electrochemical reaction of the chlorine compounds on the working electrode."	1
"Unemployment has been caused by people who either knowingly or unknowingly have priced people out of jobs."	1
"I am currently taking a medication which causes tingling in my hands and feet, but I also have vitamin d deficiency r/t hyperparathyroidism and my calcium is up and down."	1
"You see and hear Hackman's screaming after the dreadful shooting."	1
"As he came near, the lion put out his paw, which was all swollen and bleeding, and Androcles found that a huge thorn had got into it."	0
"The United States has laws that limit magazine size, too."	0
"Vulvodynia is the cause of chronic vulval pain in the absence of skin disease and infection."	1
"The machine processes the blood using a centrifugal pump, which separates the components of the blood and the plasma."	0
"The president surprised world leaders with a joke about his poor record on the environment as he left the G8 summit in Japan."	0
"The plane took off from an airport in Duval County, Florida on Saturday."	0
"He had chest pains and headaches from mold in the bedrooms."	1
"Until 1864 vessels in the service of certain UK public offices defaced the Red Ensign with the badge of their office."	0
"Yesterday the team recycled 200kg of unwanted knitting wool into insulation."	0
"The explosion caused a gas leak on the pipeline near the village of Pouce Coupe, south of Dawson Creek."	1
"But Solomon had arranged that the only water in the palace was in a jar by his bed."	0
"Latest figures show unemployment in Wales is rising again despite falls in the previous two months."	0
"Unlike modern tunnels, the brothers placed their fan at the entrance of the tunnel."	0
"The bacteria is the cause of pneumonia, including common uses, side effects, interactions and risks."	1
"The infection came from a wound."	1
"Fog caused delays at the Charlotte Douglas International Airport Monday morning."	1
"Lambert's wartime experiences were related in his excellent 1973 memoir."	0
"The court found proof that the fatal fire was caused by the dryer."	1
"Here a batter has mistakenly used his balls to hit the bat into the crowd, scoring a Home Run and extra casualties."	0
"I conducted a training seminar on energy efficiency best practices for engineers at the Pune Municipal Corporation."	0
"More than thirty people lost their lives in June, in the disaster caused by torrential rains in Hiroshima Prefecture, and in September more than thirty people lost their lives in the damage caused by the typhoon that swept through various regions, centering on Kumamoto Prefecture."	1
"Here are reside meningococcal bacilli in the vaccine and it is accessible to bolt the ache or become a carrier of the ache from the vaccine."	1
"These images were found in a reliquary installed inside the Three-story Pagoda at the Monastic Site of Hwangboksa in Guhwang-dong, Gyeongju in 1942."	0
"Highly viscous lavas lead to a violent eruption."	1
"The outlet has the single L-shaped prong for the dryer, but the oven has the standard 3-prong flat plug."	0
"The bride and the groom poured champagne into stacked champagne glasses."	0
"Over the past decade, robotics has driven forward the concept of minimally invasive surgery, building on the skills developed in keyhole surgery and moving away from open-body operations."	0
"In Japan I was able to bring a bottle with water in it through security on my way to Singapore."	0
"Masked robber threatens worker with claw hammer."	0
"The radiation from the atomic bomb explosion is a typical acute radiation."	1
""Just like real baseball," he told the card manufacturer's reps as he tried to flog the game at toy fairs."	0
"The cow makes a sound called lowing, also known as mooing."	1
"A veritable ratpack of architects are turning up the style in Sin City, writes Thomas Lane - and they're not all playing it straight."	0
"Only domestic flights are landing into this airport."	0
"The second stage, referred to as the optimizer, optimizes the code according to the various switches on the compiler set by the programmer."	0
"Job dissatisfaction is one of the main causes of stress and stress is one of the main causes of illness."	1
"The lumberjack axe is the most ancient and most simple of all axe types and serves as a working tool."	0
"The studies revealed that skin irritation from soaps, inaccessibility to supplies or sinks, and insufficient time to wash hands between every patient care contact were the main reasons given by healthcare workers for lack of handwashing compliance."	1
"The condition was previously described in the literature."	0
"There was a serious increase in the acidity of the seas caused by the acid rains."	1
"The election was caused by the appointment of Donald Sumner, formerly Conservative MP for Orpington, to be a county court judge."	1
"The struggle with the door and the oiler caused a disturbance on the ship."	1
"The vibrations caused a violent twisting motion on the bridge."	1
"The backup vocals are from a rather talented female, Stephanie Eitel."	1
"More people are falling into poverty, especially those already struggling to make ends meet."	0
"The methods adopted for histochemical observations have been described in the preceding paper."	0
"Smith was referring to the fictional Kazakhstani character created by the British comedian."	0
"A febrile seizure is a convulsion in a child triggered by a fever."	1
"Smith passed on his advice to the Naples High baseball team."	0
"We double-checked that a maximum of 80 larvae were placed inside each vial."	0
"He has been a core team member for the various research publications and resource person for policy documents of the RBI."	0
"The World Health Organization(WHO) found that the radiation release from the Chernobyl accident was 200 times that of the Hiroshima and Nagasaki."	1
"The winemaker carefully chose grapes from different lots in the vineyards and blended them into this wonderful Pinot."	0
"The second memorable shift was in September, when the plant made the 75-millionth ton of steel."	0
"A more coded reproof came from the chairman of parliament's foreign affairs committee."	0
"The paw of the cat thus appears to be more sensitive to temperature changes than was believed previously, and its temperature sensitivity may be comparable to that of the hand of the primate."	0
"Because the ice in the smoothie has to be crushed and blended with the other ingredients, a smoothie maker is usually the appliance of choice."	0
"Our club consists of fun-loving residents, both retired and working from a wide range of businesses."	0
"The distribution of the damage caused by the earthquake in Valdivia in relation to the form of the terrane."	1
"When a metallic screen was placed inside the coil, so as to surround the needle, the demagnetization produced by the discharge was less."	0
"Since 1972, when Jewish settler organizations were successful in falsely registering the land with the Israeli Land registrar, the family have suffered the stress and anxiety caused by the constant legal battles involved in fighting for the right to stay in the homes in which many of them were born."	1
"The tsunami was generated by an unusual type of earthquake that occurs near oceanic trenches."	1
"Tissues from the dorsal lobe of the pancreas of 8 starlings (Sturnus vulgaris) were examined electron microscopically using conventionally prepared samples."	0
"A number of vendors, including Salesforce.com and RightNow, have released integration into social networks."	0
"The concrete sidewalk radiated heat like a furnace, and there was no relief in the shade of a large crepe myrtle tree as they walked under it."	1
"Production and investigation of such a detector arose from an inadequate sensitivity of a commercial p-type Si detector."	1
"Apartment residents in Delaware were awarded $1 million for health problems due to mold growth from unrepaired leaks."	1
"This feared ruler founded the largest land empire in history."	0
"He grabed one end of the broom stick as they grab the other end."	0
"A deposit ages, soil formation, weathering, diagenetic processes, and earthquake shaking lead to consolidation and cementation of the sediment."	1
"All the decking on the ramps need to be replaced (for the second time) because of the damage caused by the misuse of the facility."	1
"War and rural poverty cause mass migration of people and often simultaneous growth of informal development."	1
"In the episode "My Future Self 'n' Me" the boys discover a joint and rolling papers on a tree stump in the woods."	0
"The crocodile has a lump on his snout."	0
"To determine, once and for all, how the manakin was making its bizarre sounds, Bostwick and colleagues decided to take feather samples."	1
"The consequences of the injuries caused by the bike-accident in February, fractures in the area of head and neck, unfortunately have turned out to be still too severe."	1
"A researcher had been studying a tribe of baboons for 30 years in the wilds of Africa."	0
"The majority of the announced reforms had to do with changes in allocation mechanisms."	0
"Adam Smith's first measure of fame was gained from a series of public lectures on rhetoric and belles lettres delivered in Edinburgh from 1748 to 1751."	1
"The damage caused by the " W32/Sircam" computer virus is expanding in Japan."	1
"Operation Homefront and partners delivered toys to military children."	0
"The early aims and objectives of cooperatives have been considered in the first chapter of this book."	0
"Sometimes the blockage comes from fear, as for a CEO who hates public speaking but must give frequent speeches."	1
"The speech caused a conservative combustion on the Internet, but when Wanda visited The Tonight Show a few weeks later to talk about the dinner, she told Jay Leno that she didn't even know about the controversy."	1
"The discussion here has made extensive reference to the contrasts between systems."	0
"His work has led to new treatments for addicts, tests for drug intoxication and understanding of how heroin, other opiates and cocaine cause dependence and withdrawal."	1
"The fat and cholesterol cause heart disease; the animal protein causes cancer."	1
"The plasma processing apparatus produces a plasma in a vessel and processes samples using the plasma."	0
"The spread is mainly airborne, via the virus-laden droplets produced by coughing and sneezing."	0
"Oscillation of the lever caused by the swinging of the pendulum."	1
"Her bathing suit was pulled off her shoulders and her back, a ruddy, orange brown, set off by a string of creamy pearls, shone in the sun."	0
"The fueltruck was contained in a large box to ensure that any spilled diesel would be contained."	0
"There were the years of constant fatigue and shortness of breath, the heart attack at age 11, the collapse from exhaustion on her high school graduation night."	1
"Iraqi soldiers inspect the damage after the explosion in a school in Baghdad."	1
"As the molten metal cools, it hardens and assumes the shape created by the mold's cavity."	1
"I'm importing old document files into the new software."	0
"Dalindyebo R900-million and the tribe a further R80-billion in compensation for the humiliation caused by the monarch's criminal trial."	1
"The last hereditary sheriff of Galloway used to silence the disputation of lawyers in his court by calling them "Schoondrels! Blethering loons!""	0
"References to the hearing transcript are denoted by volume and page numbers."	0
"The water is running into the overflow pipe."	0
"Phone masts for the high-tech third generation mobile phones cause headaches and nausea."	1
"Notwithstanding problems associated with screening, many of those cancers were caused by radiation exposures shortly after the accident."	1
"It's hell in the hospitals where the amputees's screaming after the lapse of morphine is heard all the time."	1
"Fats from meat and dairy cause heart disease, the leading killer of people with diabetes."	1
"He changed the litter in his pet's litter box."	0
"Diabetes mellitus is one of the leading causes of irreversible blindness worldwide, and, in the United States."	1
"We address the longer-term budget imbalance that has been caused by the tax cuts."	1
"A daughter donated her kidney to her father."	0
"Liver cancer caused by HBV virus is among the first three causes of death from cancer in men, and a major cause of cancer in women."	1
"Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages for personal injuries, property damage, emotional distress, and expenses resulting from the evacuation after the explosion."	1
"During the first documented outbreak of human infections with H5N1, which occurred in Hong Kong in 1997, the 18 human cases coincided with an outbreak of highly pathogenic avian influenza, caused by a virtually identical virus, in poultry farms and live markets."	1
"It was also felt necessary at this time to draw up a similar document, dealing not with the prevention of marine pollution by dumping, but instead with the prevention of marine pollution by discharges of dangerous substances from land-based sources, watercourses or pipelines."	1
"They made the effect even more dramatic by lighting the talent with a light placed on the floor and focused on the face."	1
"It was noted that this policy had been considered at the last meeting of the Policy and Procedure Review."	0
"The resulting conflict caused the destruction of the town, and The Conqueror, Wisecrack, Jackdaw and most of the citizens of the town were transported to a demon-dimension."	1
"The same effect is achieved the traditional way, with a team of workers like Keebler elves."	1
"The tenant has farmed for this owner for several years and doesn't want to lose the ground, but also does not want to pay the large increase in rent."	0
"The director shot some additional footage."	0
"Their productions have been presented at drama festivals across the country."	0
"The biggest news at the festival was not my receiving the prestigious Aleksandar Lifka Award for cinematography, but that the first screening was held of a movie made entirely by a monkey."	0
"The egg was pushed into the bottle."	0
"At least 12 people were killed yesterday when a squad of heavily armed militants stormed the police training school on the outskirts of Lahore, spraying it with gunfire and grenades."	0
"Amazonian tribes reclaim the rain forest with the help of GPS navigation tools."	0
"Research shows that 30% to 40% of law students experience depression after their first semester and this depression persists throughout law school."	0
"Seasonal and nocturnal migrations cause sleep deprivation in diurnal Swainson's thrush, Catharus ustulatus."	1
"The word "song" is used to describe the pattern of regular and predictable sounds made by some species of whales, notably the humpback whale."	1
"Treatment of cardiovascular collapse from caffeine overdose with lidocaine, phenylephrine, and hemodialysis."	1
"Part of the problem is rooted in an ill-conceived state law."	1
"Many problems have ensued from the new policy, most of them unforeseen and based on ethnic differences."	1
"As I pulled unit apart the small fan on top of light was caked with dust, the heat caused a little discoloration on the difusing lense."	1
"The movement of the flag on the surface of the moon was caused by the vaccum."	1
"The life-like creatures caused a real scare on the set when a 44-foot spinosaurus malfunctioned and began slamming its head against a prop plane."	1
"Some posters (e.g. number 18) encouraged the population of areas near the front to evacuate, thus avoiding the overcrowding and ensuing problems of food distribution and disease caused by the incoming refugees."	1
"More than 4500 tons of nitrogen oxides annually -- a pollutant that causes smog, acid rain, and contributes to asthma attacks and other breathing problems."	1
"For example, driving recklessly and causing an auto accident that result in the death of another driver or passenger could be qualified as manslaughter."	1
"During his travel to Russia you managed to buy vodka in a plastic bag."	0
"Generally it appears that most of the damage was caused by the winds and the rough seas."	1
"The family members also get great joy from dogs doing tricks and great for family activities."	1
"Parental pressures of unemployment and poverty lead to drug abuse and alcoholism or stress and depression which have a profound effect on children."	1
"Original sculptures were carved with a chainsaw."	0
"DOJ released a probe into Siegelman prosecution."	0
"These cells have been injected into the vitreous cavity."	0
"Lebanese gays come out of closet, but quietly."	0
"The suffering caused by the terrorists is the real torture."	1
"Asparagus is a natural cure for cancer."	0
"Proper washing and skin care can help to remove bacteria and oils which cause acne."	1
"Defining the bounds of the Old City are its massive walls having been built by the Ottoman sultan Sulieman the Magnificent."	0
"Cane sugar engineering and technology texts currently used are out of date and do not include most of the developments in technology"	0
"The programme begins with the UWI Venture competition which is opened to final year undergraduate students, graduate students and researchers at the UWI."	0
"You counted almost thirty-three honorable punches and kicks thrown in this clip of little kid screaming after the terrible fight."	1
"I ended up going to the doctor, although it was just coughing from allergies."	1
"The Demon Princes is a five-book series of science fiction novels which cumulatively relate the story of Kirth Gersen."	0
"The results support the theoretical model conceptualizing alcohol use and misuse as being the product of stress caused by constraints and resources brought to bear simultaneously by agent personality, structures of daily life, and macro social structures."	1
"Like normal 'Simon' games, it starts with a one digit sequence, and then increases indefinitely until the caller makes a mistake."	1
"The Barbarian invasions of the fifth century were triggered by the destruction of the Gothic kingdoms by the Huns in 372-375."	1
"Pressures occur throughout life and those pressures cause stress."	1
"The streaks are from a passing truck."	0
"Alabama has since enacted legislation, allowing death by lethal injection as an alternative choice to death in the electric chair."	1
"Liver plays key role in how steroids cause diabetes and hypertension."	1
"Like a catch-22 the worst part is that acne causes stress and stress triggers acne breakouts."	1
"Leakage and fire caused due to corrosion of bypass piping for recirculation gas at a fuel oil desulphurization unit."	1
"The reference signal was generated from an auxiliary photomultiplier (RCA 1P28) with a quantum counter."	1
"Tsunamis are caused by the sudden displacement of large volumes of water."	1
"A worker inserts the small spring in the device and then installs the buttons."	0
"Next up is the fingerprint scanner, the scanner was cleaned by the UKPS operator with a cloth."	0
"The Lancet study already demonstrated that, as of July 2006, the deaths caused by the U.S. invasion of Iraq rivaled the death toll of the 1994 Rwandan genocide."	1
"Only then did I notice an ambush of tigers pacing us on the far shore."	0
"When she got home, the child, who was waiting for her, killed her with a rusty nail."	0
"I was attacked by a flock of pigeons today."	0
"Higher doses of cocaine cause convulsions, severe maternal weight loss and increased maternal mortality."	1
"With the engine now silent, the airman could hear the air as it whistled through the hole in the cockpit floor and the canopy."	0
"A chance discovery made by a road worker in 1956 uncovered a rich find of 360 million year old fish fossils."	0
"This is more of a production machine stitching 600 stitches per minute."	0
"Residents of a southern Kenyan village near the city of Machakos have become prisoners in their own homes after sunset following a violent attack by a cackle of hungry hyenas."	0
"The Nepalese government sets up a committee to inquire into the alleged misuse of diplomatic passports."	0
"A train ran into a truck, leaving 14 dead."	0
"The frontal cortex is a part of the brain that maintains very close ties with the limbic system."	0
"The destruction caused by the bombing of Attorney General Palmer's home."	1
"These types of scripts help visually impaired individuals to get more enjoyment from programming because the action on-screen is described for them."	1
"The report links conditions in some of the worst affected localities and the likelihood that dire poverty - combined with despair and outrage over rampant corruption, repressive policies, and governments' failure to address local needs - could lead to outbreaks of localised unrest with the potential to spread into a wider regional conflict."	1
"The lymphomas are divided into two major categories: Hodgkin lymphoma and all other lymphomas, called non-Hodgkin lymphomas."	0
"For decades, most of the nation's renewable power has come from dams, which supplied cheap electricity without requiring fossil fuels."	1
"His daughter fell into perpetual coma by car accident."	0
"Real-world truths were imported into the fictional world."	0
"The European colonial expansion to the Americas resulted in massive population movements from the Old World to the New World."	1
"The concept is originated in an ancient maternal tribe named 'Mosuo' in Sichuan province of China."	0
"Most of the taste of strong onions comes from the smell."	1
"The shot caused a wound on the left side of the neck which bled profusely."	1
"The visit caused a sensation on the Whangaparaoa Peninsula with people reporting the orca and rushing out to photograph and film them, from a safe distance."	1
"A maker of electric cars plans to use old GM plant in Delaware."	0
"Injury of patients of the Bikini accident has been caused by the radiation of the fallout in contrast to the atomic bomb injury at Hiroshima and Nagasaki."	1
"Agriculture has again become a producer of renewable domestic energy to offset supply disruption and stabilize fuel prices."	1
"The funds raised through this appeal have a direct impact on the people affected by the severe devastations caused by the storms."	1
"And it is why we are even prouder to announce that the appeal - thanks to the generosity of our readers - has raised 26,000 pounds, despite the hardship that has been caused by the recession."	1
"Six members of one of Mexico's most active drug gangs, including someone accused of being the organization's bookkeeper, were arrested this week."	0
"The colors of the rainbow are caused by the dispersion of light as it passes through a prism."	1
"Watching that 'apology' from the wunch of senior bankers was vomit inducing."	0
"Hand creams counteract dryness from exposure to wind, sun, and detergents."	1
"The receiver was outputting the same tone to my Deva 5."	1
"New words are manually added into phone dictionaries."	0
"The second injury also started from the aforementioned collision, but has only recently re-surfaced."	1
"He takes words into action."	0
"These are all symptoms of the muscle paralysis caused by the bacterial toxin."	1
"Ten years ago an Indian academic knocked a hole through the wall of his laboratory so that children in the adjoining slum could play on one of his computers."	0
"Gol Airlines started flights to Middle Eastern countries."	0
"The team put up an advertisement to fill 225 posts, we received over 6500 applications."	0
"Mail was delivered from the city once each week."	0
"Drawings, backgrounds and decorations are placed over the complete height of the train wagon, but don't cover the entire width of the train wagon."	0
"We have injected liquidity into the banking system."	0
"The remainder of this report had relation to the payment of the loan from the bank."	0
"Raj driven to rage after reading about yet another weirdly spelled Web 2.0 company is struggling on TechCrunch."	1
"The company developed the negatives and returned the camera with a fresh roll of film."	0
"The machine implant converts sounds into electrical signals."	0
"Also, in the midst of the confusion caused by the coup, the issuing of militant posters was a way for artists and organizations to declare their active engagement against the rebellion."	1
"Money for communication is invested into Ethernet technology."	0
"Inside of it, the first details about the game were revealed through an interview with series director Masahiro Yasuma."	0
"The march's goal is to raise awareness of the crisis caused by the Israeli blockade and bring much needed humanitarian relief."	1
"A mother carries her children inside a public school used as an evacuation center for victims of the floods caused by the continuous rains of Typhoon Ketsana, in the town of Tanay, Rizal east of Manila September 28, 2009."	1
"The slow suffocation of the cells swiftly cause unconsciousness and shock, soon followed by death."	1
"First, the sound radiated from a surface simulating a two-dimensional monopole is calculated using an unstructured mesh."	1
"The ban caused a widespread debate, largely on the Internet, in which rabbis and scholars from around the world participated."	1
"The tube was placed in an inclined position with the end in a glass filled with water that was kept boiling."	0
"Some of that blood was in a bottle in the operating room though the record is not clear as to how it got there."	0
"Every municipality in Ontario is a member of the corporation."	0
"Power is generated by an electrochemical reaction of hydrogen and oxygen that yields as its by-product only heat and H2O."	1
"We are a small but brave bevy of otters located in Eugene, Oregon."	0
"The chair of the corporation, at the time of election, shall be either a former President, the retiring President, or a member (not emeritus) of the Corporation."	0
"He stopped rowing when the boat was opposite to the paddle wheel of the steamer, and the steamer stopped her engine at the same time."	0
"Dizziness was caused by whiplash and head injury."	1
"This prescription drug alleviates panic from claustrophobia and is also very handy for airplane rides and in case of broken-down subway cars or elevators."	1
"Eventually the company manufactured the machines."	0
"A recent book by Carmen M. Reinhart and Kenneth S. Rogoff, two economists, found that over the last century the typical crisis had caused the jobless rate in the country where it occurred to rise for almost five years."	1
"The absorbed nutrients move through the wall of the intestines and into blood vessels that take them throughout the body."	0
"The sprinkler spins because of the recoil as the water leaves the nozzle."	0
"By now an SEO-minded attendee has journeyed deep into advanced SEO concepts."	0
"50 cents from every book sold are invested into sustainability initiatives."	0
"Today Miguel Cotto is receiving a rain of offers to keep fighting."	0
"After the war, as the Midway was preparing for retirement, she was called upon one last time to the Philippines to help with an evacuation after the eruption of Mt. Pinatubo."	1
"The book criticizes the institutionalized nuclear family from a feminist perspective."	0
"Examining the disruption caused by pupil mobility."	1
"Fog, rain, darkness, and or blowing snow lead to disorientation."	1
"Another shows a worker with a cigarette dangling from his mouth, a lunch box popping out from under a well-muscled arm."	0
"A person with an intrinsic motivation to run gains satisfaction from a very long running around their favourite course on a calm, sunny day."	1
"The regiment is composed of ten battalions of 400 heavy infantry and 50 light infantry each plus an extra unit of 1000 pikemen and 500 extra light infantry."	0
"This ingredient also repairs the damage that has been caused by the sun."	1
"The recent decline has been caused by the environmentally-induced collapse of fish catches from the Black Sea."	1
"These toxins cause sickness or an unpleasant odor."	1
"The two four-legged chickens were in a box under a heat lamp, a temporary lodging until a more spacious cage was available."	0
"The contamination was caused by residues of the aromatic hydrocarbons."	1
"The following information appeared in the notes to consolidated financial statements of some corporate annual reports."	0
"An unnamed lifeguard was pushed into the pool."	0
"For example, the photo at the top of the page shows a pilot's emergency kit with a watch type compass included."	0
"The user is cooling a processor with a power usage of 35W, using a conventional heatsink."	0
"The ligature assists the performer in seeking a more responsive and free playing style."	0
"Yoga is fantastic for increased flexibility, which is great for cross-training with all the other programs we offer."	1
"In March 1997 a scientific conference was held on the topic of prevention and health promotion."	0
"Surprisingly soon, a culprit popped out of the data."	0
"This forum is particularly specialized in firefighting, EMS, and rescue discussions."	0
"Cancer is the abnormal growth of cells that causes illness in the body."	1
"In economic terms, the ecological catastrophe caused by the Prestige oil spill is comparable with that caused by the Exxon Valdez."	1
"A child has been placed into foster care."	0
"Systemically, dust and fume cause irritation of the upper respiratory tract, metallic taste and nausea."	1
"Unemployment and poverty cause abuse of children and serious situations such as the breakdown of families where the rights of the child are easily infringe."	1
"The tail of the shark continued to swish back and forth a few feet away."	0
"Many depression sufferers and their physicians revealed that insomnia was caused by depression."	1
"The door on the right enclosed a fumigating chamber."	0
"In some societies, it really matters to a husband that he comes back to a meal cooked by his wife."	0
"Pressure from shoes and walking cause friction and the body's natural response is to build up the skin to protect it from breaking down."	1
"The USA government handed over these detained foreign citizens to Russian boarder guards."	0
"In many patients, the disease caused by the H5N1 virus follows an unusually aggressive clinical course, with rapid deterioration and high fatality."	1
"This series consists of edited collections of essays, some original and some previously published."	0
"So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight."	1
"The death of the rat caused the relocation of the flea, and if its next host just happened to be a human, then contagion was the result."	1
"A growing number of smallholders have formed themselves into associations to sell tea, sugar, cotton and nuts to processors."	0
"I know plenty of people with oily skin and wrinkles from the sun and they're in their 30s."	1
"The neutrons were produced by bombarding a tritium target with deuterium."	1
"Workers build the comb from wax extruded from glands under their abdomen."	0
"A metal cube, one meter on each side, is enclosed in a thermally insulating jacket."	0
"The current band arrived from the Lafayette competition."	0
"An initial Phase 1 packet arrived from an unrecognized peer gateway."	0
"This program was developed based on research, best practices, several parenting programs, and the personal experiences of the author, who is a minister."	0
"The spill was caused by the Iraqi fuel tanker Zainab, suspected of smuggling around 1,300 tonnes of fuel oil from Iraq, as it ran into trouble on its way to a holding area in international waters."	1
"In fact, the only clothes she could fit into were her maternity dresses from twenty-five years ago."	0
"Take medicine to reduce sneezing and coughing from allergies."	1
"When these fuels are burned, they create air pollution that contributes to global warming and causes smog, acid rain and respiratory disease."	1
"The infection was caused by the contaminated chopsticks used by the parent to feed her child."	1
"Fair trade bananas have been imported into a few countries in Europe for decades."	0
"The seniors poured flour into wax paper and threw the items as projectiles on freshmen during a morning pep rally."	0
"Rabies is caused by a virus that is usually contracted through the saliva of an infected animal."	1
"The operator drained the outfall into the curb."	0
"Throughout the past decade, Monsanto has been re-making itself as a seed and biotech company, as opposed to one focused on agrochemicals."	0
"Even though his 16-month old suffered from severe burns on her body caused by boiling water spilled on her, father refuses to allow ambulance to take his daughter to Hadassah because 'rabbi advised otherwise'."	1
"Automatic diagnosis has replaced simulation for the correction of simple design errors."	0
"The damage caused by the tsunami - at least the physical damage - is barely visible in some places."	1
"The struggle began in 1968 when machinists making seat covers for the car giant were paid less than men who swept floors."	0
"We are aware that acne or pimples are caused by hormonal imbalance, improper skin care or bad eating habits."	1
"With Bummer gone for the night the groms decide to surf at night with the help of floodlights, but the floodlights cause a power outage for the entire hotel."	1
"A superblack material made from microscopic carbon nanotubes is produced by a US laboratory."	0
"Tad Wilkes wrote a note titled "Kind words from the local press"."	0
"Wrinkles from laughing is a good sign of a healthy, happy life."	1
"The series reflected on the changes that had taken place in Ireland since the 1960s."	0
"This is a yeast infection of the esophagus caused by the same fungus that causes vaginal yeast infections."	1
"Information is included on the disease caused by the organism, its transmission, geographical distribution, and hosts."	1
"Like all new towns we have missed.the encouraging influence of a large body of alumni, only two of the thirty-five former graduates having entered college."	0
"Brushing the air with both hands and coughing from the dust, it settled on both vehicles."	1
"A powder blue suit and a silver chain mail vest were two of the designer's more subdued creations on sale."	0
"The current Iraqi government is seeking financial compensation from Israel for the damage caused by the bombing of the Osirak nuclear reactor in 1981."	1
"A catamaran tiller having a grip is provided to permit tension to be applied to the tiller more easily."	0
"The method comprises a cleaning step of applying a cleaning fluid on the teats and/or the udder."	0
"With a concert coming up in only 4 hours, you are working feverishly to perfect the tune of the piano 's strings."	0
"Following an international contest for the city's design, a design by the Chicago architects Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin was selected."	0
"In Sri Lanka, the tsunami resulted in 31187 deaths, 4280 missing people, 23189 injured people, and the displacement of 545715 people."	1
"Fruit is held in a chute or on pack or rotary tables prior to being loaded into a carton."	0
"Increased reproductive toxicity of landfill leachate after degradation was caused by nitrite."	1
"The uterine contractions are caused by prostaglandins."	1
"Dry air, dust and wind dry out the nose and throat and cause nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems."	1
"Love didn't find success initially as he bounced from one therapist to another, but eventually found a therapist with a program that worked for him."	0
"The taste, however, is mild, and like rice liquor gone right."	0
"The microwave oven is one of the great inventions of the 20th century."	0
"When the first model sank in August 1991, the crash caused a seismic event registering 3.0 on the Richter scale, and left nothing but a pile of debris at 220m of depth."	1
"Marcus stabs one of the attackers with a screwdriver and we see the impact, as well as the victim painfully removing the screwdriver."	0
"My first encounter in my luxurious hotels casino was the sound of a woman behind the roulette wheels screaming for joy after hitting the 12225.00 jackpot."	1
"Stella Liebeck is the woman who sued McDonalds after she suffered a serious burn after the spilling of a cup of coffee on her lap."	1
"We already know ignorance, heat, boredom, greed and poverty cause violence even in the U.S."	1
"Corruption is one of the main causes of a global crisis that deprives more than a billion people of access to safe drinking water and more than 2.6 billion of access to sanitation systems."	1
"Above all, the prime ingredient in chicken soup is love."	0
"The chronic myelogenous leukemia-specific P210 protein is the product of the bcr/abl hybrid gene."	0
"The inspiration for the multi-touch technology came from a decidedly non-digital event."	1
"This article goes some wat towards, identifying some of the conflicts arose from the previous and present agricultural development."	1
"Estrogen dominance is one of the main causes of osteoporosis, cancer, ovarian cysts, fibroids and a host of other female problems in the U.S."	1
"Months later, the birds composed the syllables into complete songs, whether the songs matched natural patterns or not."	0
"The power to rule is derived from a mandate of the masses."	0
"Painful digestive problems can trigger problem behaviour in children with autism and should be treated medically, according to the panel's report published today."	0
"Some people experience tremors after drinking coffee and tea."	1
"The club's president saw the money that was inside a box."	0
"He is personally responsible for the carnage that has been caused by the fight."	1
"As people discovered that debt and overconsumption cause stress to families, the planet, and each of us, many turned instead to friends."	1
"Today it was proved Camp is the third best keeper in the team."	0
"After making an impression the crowd with an a capella rendition of their national anthem, the South African were immediately under pressure."	1
"The man pulled it and the staples off the door, prying gently with a putty knife."	0
"Ditto for his funny turn as a man who instigates the kidnapping of his own wife in E Niwas's Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega."	1
"Fellows also participate in a program of seminars and colloquia focusing on contemporary issues and community building in the Asia-Pacific region."	0
"In a poetic twist, the tsunami triggered by the rock band forced many American jazz and blues singers to seek work in the United Kingdom, which is where Anderson found a receptive audience in 1965."	1
"The modern industry fabricates foods from non-traditional ingredients and additives to look like a familiar product."	0
"Swissair was a victim of the clandestine wealth-transfer plaguing the productive sector as a result of the falling interest-rate structure caused by bond speculation."	1
"Scleroderma is a disease of the body's connective tissue that causes thickening and hardening of the skin."	1
"I write as both a doctor/Medical Director of the ME Association and as someone who suffers from the illness, which was triggered by an attack of chickenpox."	1
"An Israeli minister sent troops into the schools to boost conscription."	0
"In view of the terrible destruction that was caused by the flood waves, we have to fear that a number of Germans, clearly in the three-digit numbers, will be among the dead."	1
"In particular, the system convinced the jury with its advanced speech recognition module and a successful dialog."	0
"Bellini was not very good though, like they used peach nectar instead of fresh peaches."	0
"In two of the cases reported in the media, an older woman's baby was stillborn because of an abnormal placeta, and one of the miscarriages was caused by the umbilical chord encircling the fetus."	1
"The brochure shows, in one embodiment, a vase with flowers inside a "cut flower" sleeve with the sleeve tied with a ribbon about the neck of the vase."	0
"Celiac disease (CD) is an inflammatory disorder of the upper small intestine triggered by the ingestion of wheat, rye, barley, and possibly oat products."	1
"Cement mason means a person who finishes all concrete construction, such as floors, walls, ceilings, sidewalks, curbs and gutters."	0
"Fish gills are multifunctional organs."	0
"The community was eluded from positions of power as a result of a deal made by the Sunni Arab minority and the British "imperialists" who had carved Iraq out of the moribund Ottoman Empire in the wake of World War I."	0
"Five neighbors used snow blowers to clear the road ahead while the other neighbors dug out the snow around the ambulance with snow shovels."	0
"His act includes everything from golden oldies to contemporary tunes."	0
"The relative calm produced by the Shia ceasefire has coincided with what the CIA is now calling the "near strategic defeat" of al-Qaeda in Iraq."	1
"Former Safety-Service Director Rex Katterheinrich estimated the city collecting $2.16 million in 2009, who took into account for the economic slowdown caused by the national recession."	1
"The data provided powerful evidence that the unusual meteorite was the result of a long-lasting rain of meteorites following the destruction of an asteroid."	0
"He put a gallon into his cart and walked back to the front of the store."	0
"The book departs from the movie in several respects, but Eggers does an excellent job taking us inside Max's head and motivations."	0
"The 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" captured the nation's heart with a story about 1950s Middle American celebrations during the Christmas season."	0
"Arcane Subtlety reduced the threat caused by Polymorph by 40% at max rank, though the threat caused by the spell is minimal."	1
"The jewelry was in a cabinet in the same room."	0
"This is how grain was delivered to the wooden grain bins and hay was put inside the upper part of the rock barn."	0
"In the present recession, which has been triggered by a collapse in land prices, land-value taxation would reverse the collapse - not by re-inflating a temporary speculative bubble, but by inducing investment in infrastructure that permanently enhances the utility of the land."	1
"The fluctuations are caused by state and federal taxes, distance from refineries to filling stations and environmental laws."	1
"Hiroshima has rejected the demands of some citizens and victims groups that the newly renovated museum include an exhibition on Japan's "aggressive role" in World War II, alongside the gruesome displays of the suffering and devastation caused by the bomb."	1
"Atopic dermatitis, the most common type of eczema, causes itchiness that's worse in the colder months."	1
"Hand-stitched with fabric and clothing from different eras of her life, this quilt is imbued with meaning and memory."	0
"Washington has fiddled while other states poured money into higher education."	0
"Apricot marmalade is delicious on toast first thing in the morning or on piping hot dinner biscuits."	0
"Inhibition through synaptic depression is unlike the previous forms of inhibition in that it turns on more slowly and thus acts as delayed negative feedback."	1
"The pontiff's body was contained in a plain cypress coffin."	0
"Dr. Brian Howard is a remarkably skilled Atlanta plastic surgeon who is part of a select group of medical professionals who has certification in plastic surgery."	0
"The officer swore an oath of secrecy on becoming a sky marshal, so his name can't be revealed."	0
"I was formerly a person who looked at the sky expecting only the usual clutter of planes, stars, and the occasional blinking satellite."	0
"Malaria is caused by infection with a parasite called Plasmodium that is transmitted by mosquitos."	1
"Resulting congestion caused delays of 15-20 minutes to Northeast Corridor, North Jersey Coast Line and Midtown Direct trains."	1
"The worst pain of all was caused by the torment to her head which was like the pain of thorns pressing into her."	1
"Dissidents have drawn up plans to kill policemen in Milltown in west Belfast."	0
"Instead, their compilation was governed by didactic considerations."	0
"I've obediently banked in all his cash into my account and put a big fat cheque into his casket."	0
"The straight, blue ion tail is caused by the solar wind and the curved dust tail is caused by solar radiation pressure."	1
"Adults use drugs for this purpose."	0
"He has fear from darkness, ghosts, robbers & being alone, of thunder, in the crowd, of death, of disease, of evil, that something may happen."	1
"Colds and flu cause inflammation of the mucous membranes of the nose, throat and mouth."	1
"And, of course, everyone wants to prove the truth of their beliefs through experience, but the belief begets the experience."	1
"The tongue has taste buds, but a cat's appetite comes from the smell of the food and doesn't come from the taste of it."	1
"The abdominal distention caused by the worms was slightly asymmetrical when compared with the normal fright-induced swelling."	1
"Her guardian angel went before her, lighting the road with a headlight-like lantern."	0
"One way to have a garden in the country is in a window box."	0
"The lack of stability caused a strong reliance on the colonizers."	1
"The brown areas are caused by drought, brown patch, take-all-patch, chinch bugs or grubs."	1
"The aviator's jungle aid was contained in a sealed escape kit along with maps of the territory and a dictionary of phrases and words in local dialect."	0
"He put a sample into a funnel and, after giving it three years to settle, sealed everything in a glass jar."	0
"Flyers and postcards supply current clients with company information, but normally do not increase clients to the mailing list."	0
"Landrieu where he saw firsthand the destruction caused by the hurricanes and the failure of the storm protection system."	1
"Fetal alcohol spectrum disorders, or FASDs, are caused by drinking alcohol during pregnancy."	1
"In one day, the Red Crescent treated more than 50 injuries - mainly broken bones caused by panic from aftershocks."	1
"The primary electron beam was generated by an electrostatically focused electron gun, with a rhenium strip cathode."	1
"One of the most important ostraca found at Mesad Hashavyahu is a written appeal by a field worker to the fortress's governor."	0
"Lavender is excellent in the reatment of headaches from fatigue and exhaustion."	1
"The famous poet moved into a medical center."	0
"The perturbations caused by the substorm related field-aligned currents are most notable in the east-west deflections of the geosynchronous magnetic field."	1
"The castle was inside a museum."	0
"Lymphedema is an abnormal build-up of fluid that causes swelling, most often in the arms or legs."	1
"The response to the harm caused by the flood, although institutionally organized, relied mostly on individuals joined in a common purpose rather than on an orchestrated effort by established hand binderies."	1
"The system works using a character rig or "Biped" which is pre-made and allows the user to adjust the rig to fit the character they will be animating."	0
"Williams syndrome: a genetic disorder that results in selective cognitive impairment."	1
"The major product arose from an attack of aromatic compound."	1
"The accident caused a major traffic snarl on the arterial road."	1
"The aristocracy composed the laws, regulated the monetary system and banks, enforced justice, and often controlled prices, wages, and other economic transactions."	0
"The swelling of the vocal fold mucosa is caused by smoking."	1
"The symbol denotes concatenation."	0
"Both colds and flu cause inflammation of the mucous membranes (found in the nose, throat and mouth)."	1
"Taxi driver spotted stolen car shortly after police sent out an alert."	0
"The product emits radiation."	1
"These earphones have a short cord so as not to get tangled up or create drag while submerged in water."	0
"He also appeared in a television commercial against internet movie piracy."	0
"Dr. Marshall is the discoverer of Helicobacter (H. pylori), the germ that causes peptic ulcer."	1
"A third of the injuries are caused by illegally obtained fireworks, and burns account for half the injuries."	1
"A year later, Arlonzia married Bizzell Pettway and moved into one of the new houses built by the government."	0
"The revolution brought forth impassioned pleas condemning the common law for not respecting the interests of the people and calling for law reform."	1
"In the spring of 1950, the FCC issued a warning to the Hollywood motion picture studios against withholding product and talent from broadcast television, in what motion picture exhibitors denounced as "a bullying statement"."	0
"A tiny Serbian village has put up a statue in honour of its adopted patron - Sylvester Stallone's Rocky."	0
"Bed sores (also known as: pressure sores, decubitus ulcers or pressure ulcers) are caused by pressure, which cuts off blood flow to parts of the body."	1
"On the hour, the clock plays a melody with motion."	1
"Anger leads to aggressions towards colleagues."	1
"Ordinary warts on the hands and feet are caused by viruses, which only affect humans."	1
"There are three different oestrogens made by your body."	0
"This science-fiction thriller by a Seattle author is the story of Jane Charlotte, a young woman who tells her increasingly surreal tale of murder, kidnapping and an evil tribe of "bad monkeys" who are trying to control her actions to a skeptical psychiatrist."	0
"Their moral criticism concerns the particular social and personal context in which they appear."	0
"With corn starch as its source material, Plantic's plastic is also cost-competitive."	0
"Merlin Lindeman (animal sciences) then pooled their expertise to show that the caterpillars caused the disease."	1
"The researchers studied the efficiencies of assessment through exams, particularly if the marking is routine or automated, are counterbalanced by its limitation."	0
"Third year student David Beer is one of those affected by the pay dispute."	0
"MFX colours are implemented at the design stage, where the designer creates artwork using the MetalFX colour palettes and actions."	0
"The list was generated from an open call for nominations and prioritized based on factors including the age of the structure."	0
"This comprehensive book discusses both the human and the natural history of the islands of California."	0
"A few space probes have been placed into orbit around other bodies."	0
"The best cheeses use a rennet naturally produced by animals and unpasteurised milk from the neighbourhood farm with its bacteria and nutrients intact."	0
"The emission of electromagnetic radiation from cell phones continues to become a growing concern."	1
"Sci-Fi Channel is the cable network exclusively dedicated to offering classic science fiction TV shows and movies, as well as bold original programming."	0
"Such lines from the pen of a young author widely read by the younger part of the population only confirm the profound change in the mood of the Freuch proletariat."	0
"The mistress fries the rashers in a small china fryingpan over the lamp, passing to each person the hot slices as they are done."	0
"Sparky Anderson is making progress in his recovery from exhaustion and could return to managing the Detroit Tigers within a week."	0
"The money was handed over into notarial custody for the purpose of securing an obligation."	0
"The symptoms of H1N1 flu include fever, cough, sore throat, runny or stuffy nose, body aches, headache, chills, fatigue, and possibly vomiting or diarrhea."	1
"His favorite wine was made with the Loire Valley red wine grape."	0
"Diabetes drug shows promise for preventing brain injury from radiation therapy."	1
"The cops took the man into custody."	0
"Draining your wash water into an open sump pump was a bad idea."	0
"The feature analysis storage stores the plurality of predetermined features extracted from the retrieved textual opinions."	0
"A faction of Sikh leaders took over a gurdwara in this Haryana town, which was controlled by Amritsar-based Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee (SGPC)."	0
"The mentality is since oil and bacteria cause acne, I'll just remove the oil off my face and kill the bacteria."	1
"The Postmodernism Generator was written by Andrew C. Bulhak using the Dada Engine, a system for generating random text from recursive grammars."	0
"He decided to pad the heel of shoes with a shock absorbing insole or heel pad."	0
"People have travelled into space, but not the deep ocean."	0
"Propionibacteria acnes, or P. acnes, are the bacteria responsible for acne breakouts."	1
"The earthquake was caused by the Anatolian plate and the Eurasian plate moving past each other."	1
"For safety reasons, he loads and unloads his bike from the curbside of the bus."	0
"A dog loose on the carriageway caused a five-vehicle crash on the M25 on Wednesday morning."	1
"In addition to his reputation as a film maker Lehmuskallio is also known as an artist."	0
"Recent global warming has thrown nature into disarray."	0
"A user activates the device with the power-on button."	0
"An organization with the mission of allowing a safe haven for parents to share their grief after the death of a child."	1
"It was probable that the Mn atom went away from an interstitial site neighboring on the substitutional Pt atom after the dissociation of the Pt.Mn complex."	0
"Anne Grey's mind was filled with questions."	0
"Pneumococcal meningitis is caused by pneumococcus bacteria, which also cause several diseases of the respiratory system, including pneumonia."	1
"This is a brilliant piece of work by a fellow not one person in the music press would ever have tipped to write one of the great Scottish albums of the last five years."	0
"It really underscores everything in the pro-life movement, that abortion is part of a very sad story for women."	0
"Ita s hard for me to fathom the craziness that has been caused by the H1N1 virus."	1
"Television cooking shows and more advertising have put wine in the limelight."	0
"The architect created the beautiful division of the space and the exact proportions, the sculptor produced the anatomically correct figures, and the painter knew how to blend forms and colours into perfect harmony."	0
"Three houses are handed over to beneficiaries."	0
"Beyond its guardtowers, the castle had two gatehouses, a barbican and a tall tower in the castle's inner ward."	0
"To test this, we placed a kitchen match in the jar instead of the candle, lit the match, screwed on the lid and dropped the jar."	0
"More particularly, the invention is a sealless pump that employs a magnetic coupling to drive the impeller."	0
"A comb was hidden in an envelope at the bottom of a paper folder stuck to the wall."	0
"The war was caused by the expansionist desires of Hitler, Mussolini and the Japanese imperialists."	1
"A mechanic attaches a socket wrench to a bolt."	0
"Chronic daily headaches are tension headaches or headaches which are caused by taking too many pain killers."	1
"A scheme establishing access to the East Sussex countryside for disabled people draws to a close."	1
"Various hormonal, bacterial and inflammatory disturbances cause acne."	1
"AI requested that the perpetrators be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law, that adequate compensation be provided to the victims and that senior government and police officials offer apologies for the suffering caused by the responsible police officers."	1
"As the policeman hit her with his truncheon, another police officer pushed him away from her and shouted for him to stop."	0
"Flashes are caused by the vitreous gel tugging on the retina."	1
"In addition, scientists maye have a number of potentially useful targets to prevent and treat this lethal tumour because of the findings that NOX5 mediated overproduction of hydrogen peroxide is responsible for increased growth and decreased death of cancer cells."	1
"The enclosed community produced the enclosed personality, and vice versa."	1
"Genetic disorders are caused by the mutation of a gene."	1
"A urinary tract infection (UTI) is the most common cause of bladder irritation."	1
"The remnants of Einstein's brain were in a box marked "Costa Cider.""	0
"The risks of this procedure include anesthesia complications, post-operative difficulty breathing, and sore throat from intubation."	1
"Landslides caused the majority of the deaths."	1
"Dehydration from fluid loss is the only major problem the virus causes, most often in the elderly."	1
"CN Railway labour dispute goes into arbitration."	0
"That decision was also the subject of an unsuccessful legal challenge."	0
"The decline has been caused by the immigration of lower ability immigrants."	1
"Three shark attacks in 24 hours threw local people into panic."	0
"The device shown in the figure rotates."	0
"Everything's been done, all interventions applied and everyone has worked hard at motivating that cohort of underperforming students."	0
"Amtrak expects a normal rush hour after a fatal accident near Baltimore caused delays along the Northeast corridor."	1
"There were setbacks and technical problems that ensued from the location design, flooding, and moisture that plagued the winery and bumped up the investment cost beyond the initial budgetary estimates."	1
"The results of Al Shabab KSA in the 2007-2008 season are shown in this article."	0
"The explorer journeyed into the Arctic region of the Himalayas, determined to find a copy of the Himis manuscript or to expose the fraud."	0
"Chocolates, junk food, dirty skin, and stress cause acne."	1
"New settlers arrived into this harsh land to seek a new life."	0
"These piezos have 2.5 inch pretinned lead wires solidly attached with solder joins protected by a dab of silicone."	0
"The analysis device instigates the termination of the connection."	1
"The city has constructed some tourism facilities and a new police station in the showcase area, but no new houses are to be built here."	0
"Relena's head was bowed, though the heat was radiating from the young princess in waves."	1
"He produces drawings and videos that have been shown in museums in Europe and America."	0
"Each year, many infants and toddlers die due to suffocation from breathing small objects into their breathing passages and lungs."	1
"The outbreak was caused by the live polio virus that is used in vaccines given orally the preferred method in developing countries because it is cheaper and doesn't require medical training to dispense."	1
"The deleveraging triggered by the crisis implies that countries that hoarded reserves have been reaping the benefits."	1
"The theme song was written by the songwriting team of Jay Livingston and Ray Evans."	0
"Overall, the fire after the earthquake burned out 7456 houses in over 530 localities."	1
"The mortality caused by the war is also high."	1
"After 5 minutes or so, the problem went away from an operational perspective."	0
"The exit portion of the runway is cantilevered from the support stanchion."	0
"The idea of Roman expansion into North Africa started with the fear and jealousy caused by the great economic power of Carthage."	1
"I was thrilled to see this delicious Pennsylvania 7.5% amber in a firkin down there."	0
"The broker is entitled to commission from the selling of your property."	1
"The chief safety officer announced the Gwinnett-Barrow-Jackson enforcement wave with the unveiling of a replica of new traffic warning signs that have been posted along I-85."	0
"I bought a whole cartload of groceries, and spent a fraction of what I would at any regular grocery store."	0
"In a two-mirror telescope equipped with an active optics system usually M2 is used to correct the aberrations originated by optical reasons, i.e. defocus and coma."	1
"This document makes a significant contribution into further clarification of the access to drinking water as a human right."	0
"The NNT and NNH are useful indices to describe the trade-off between the benefit and the harm produced by a new treatment."	1
"In this way he gathered materials for weekly epistles destined to enlighten some county town or some bench of rustic magistrates."	0
"The story was related in the Adevarul newspaper's online edition."	0
"We learned so much about lighting and rendering from these works of art."	0
"The mast was folded up accordion-style inside a canister that was attached to the side of the main antenna."	0
"Gorgol brought in your cavvy of mounts four days ago, took his bag, and rode off."	0
"A significant portion of head and neck cancers, anal cancers, and cancer of the larynx are caused by the human papillomavirus."	1
"The stick of the pinwheel is as simple as a pencil or as intricate as a carved stick or metal rod."	0
"The bomb was contained in a suitcase and was planted by two men."	0
"Chronic daily headaches are tension headaches or headaches which are caused by taking too many pain killers."	1
"At the end of 2004, a journalist from Dnevnik newspaper, Hristo Hristov, submitted a request to the Director of the National Intelligence Services(NIS)."	0
"The assassination resulted in extensive arrests of governmental, security, and criminal figures."	1
"The muscular dystrophies are caused by genetic defects, which means they are inherited at birth."	1
"The JFK baggage system malfunction caused delays for some flights and caused some passengers to simply travel without their things."	1
"We just finished our last run of pasture poultry for the year."	0
"The earthquake caused a massive avalanche on the northern slope of Mount Huascar."	1
"It is a family luxury villa with breeze-kissed balconies from which the sounds of the sea provide a sensuous nightly serenade."	0
"The team moved into the championship game."	0
"Air pollution from coal fired sources is so serious we can not afford a policy that backslides in any way."	1
"But among the heroin addicts especially, there is frequently a very severe depression, and depression is one of the main causes of suicide."	1
"The Foundation decided to repurpose the building in order to reduce wear and tear on the plumbing in the manor house by redirecting visitors during restoration projects and beyond."	0
"Parents also experience anxiety from fear of the suffering of their child and worry about an uncertain outcome."	1
"The horizontal branch is a part of the Hertzsprung -Russell (H-R) diagram that represents stars that burn helium in thier cores."	0
"Wes Anderson has made one classic comedy(The Royal Tenenbaums) fueled by the tension from the characters' longings to burst out of the trappings in which they are framed."	1
"Most importantly, the shock and anger caused by the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor united a divided nation and was translated into a wholehearted commitment to victory in World War II."	1
"The largest of the bulls, sometimes fourteen feet long, establish themselves on a fixed part of the rock, and each gathers about him his harem of cow seals."	0
"The burst has been caused by water hammer pressure."	1
"The Maze procedure crates new pathways for the electrical impulses that trigger the heartbeat."	1
"The hidden preamble or timing signal is employed to mark the time of commencement of the transmission of information pulses from a transmitter."	1
"Earthquakes are caused by the discharge of accumulated along geologic faults."	1
"In this marvelous book Smuts draws from years of painstaking field research in which she followed around a flange of chacma baboons in the Mateti Game Park in Zimbabwe."	0
"In the Western Province the starch is stored in woven palm leaf bundles."	0
"Our inquiry into the city's job creation funding came from a reader's tip."	1
"That being said, I do love the game and play it all the time but would appreciate a little less frustration from programming and debugging, and sticking strictly with the frustration that comes from hitting bad shots."	1
"Sun and wind cause evaporation of water, causing rains, and this energy can be caught using hydroelectric power."	1
"NGU (NonGonococcal Urethritis) is an infection of the urethra caused by pathogens ( germs ) other than gonorrhea."	1
"He then escalated a quarrel with Austria and its German allies over the administration of these provinces into a war."	0
"The transcontinental railroad brought more settlers into the Southern regions."	0
"The pendant encloses a tumbled stone."	0
"He received reports from the residence hall presidents regarding evacuation after the fire drill."	1
"The chairman of the political party or the independent/primary candidate entitled to representatives, as appropriate, must provide a notice of authorization."	0
"Xanax works by changing brain chemicals that cause stress and anxiety."	1
"The group made the cover of Rolling Stone magazine on March 29, 1973, 3 months after this was released."	0
"He treated the pain from shingles as it persisted for long periods of time."	1
"The decade produced a bumper crop of great movies."	0
"Its introduction supplies useful historical background."	0
"This article discusses the ethics of the Soldier of Fortune's guns-for-hire advertisements that resulted in several murders across the United States."	1
"The form originated in sixteenth century as a kind of parody of tales of chivalric adventures."	0
"This particular X-ray machine has a timer on it that they used for exposure time."	0
"The playwright creates tension using many stage directions."	0
"Asia feels the pain caused by the crisis but could be poised for rapid recovery."	1
"The following figures summarise the results for the last financial year."	0
"Several texts relate mythological anecdotes associated with his birth and exploits and explain his distinct iconography."	0
"The program assists separating families in high conflict over parenting arrangements."	0
"The fighting resulted in hundreds of deaths and in the deployment of peace keepers into East Timor."	1
"I've suffered from an injury that has been caused by the negligence of another person, and I've filed an injury claim."	1
"Sadness leads to inspiration, so in this story of love and hate, respect and betrayal, learn about the history of the Mexican Wrestling Wars."	1
"The variations are caused by stratospheric winds and the chemical production and destruction of ozone."	1
"Fatty acid and phospholipid chlorohydrins cause cell stress and endothelial adhesion."	1
"The bulbar region is an area of the brain composed of the cerebellum, medulla and pons."	0
"He has released a photocopy of his original birth certificate."	0
"The statue was inside a bamboo box."	0
"We find the candle light creates a special atmosphere not only for food, but ambiance for a relaxing convivial meal as well."	1
"The data are derived primarily from a three-nation survey conducted for the Harvard School of Public Health and The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation by Louis Harris and Associates and its international affiliates between 10 June and 14 September 1994."	0
"In addition, soil and river systems have been contaminated by the harsh chemicals used in cocaine production and the air has been polluted by the smoke caused by the burning of jungle and forest for coca bush cultivation."	1
"But not every run of the experiment produced the desired state - a very large number of failed tries accompanied each successful creation."	1
"Witness the gangs in Los Angeles who stopped killing one another for a time after the riots triggered by the Rodney King bashing verdict."	1
"When the force was generated via the joystick, the reproduced force matched the original force much more accurately."	1
"Both squads battered the opposing goaltender with a continuous flurry of shots."	0
"The horse stretches its nuzzle towards the boy."	0
"In these cases, the disappointment from the purchase is not forgotten over time, but rather accumulates."	1
"Cities produce surprisingly low carbon emissions per capita."	1
"Two of my girls had the high fever from vaccines, and our family doctor thought nothing of it."	1
"Small particles, grime and dirt cause friction and microscopic scratches that over time destroy the performance of equipment."	1
"Six glowing disks await activation by the footsteps of desert wanderers."	1
"This simple script uses the DBI module in order to connect to a Mysql database, retrieves the results from a select query and display the results."	0
"The problems are caused by buffer overflows when parsing an overly long parameter."	1
"Their deed of agreement was drawn up in the temple by a notary public and confirmed with an oath "by god and the king.""	0
"In philosophy, the brain in a vat is an element used in a variety of thought experiments intended to draw out certain features of our ideas of knowledge."	0
"To prevent rust, etc., the slug C is enclosed in a glass envelope before being sealed into the tap."	0
"The jar from the fall had caused a subdural hematoma on the right front side of my brain that shows up in the CT."	1
"Both over-the-counter pain pills and prescription drugs cause medication-overuse headaches."	1
"Properties of the soils developed from the amphibolites of Santiago-Ponte Ulla, Spain."	1
"The mycelia of truffles form symbiotic relationships with the roots of several tree species."	0
"The authentic-looking, powerful film is concerned with the problems of trade unionism, corruption and racketeering."	0
"The steam caused a backpressure on the VTD, resulting in the rupture disc opening."	1
"My completed torrent files are going into this folder."	0
"The pain was radiating from the contraction out to my hips and back and then down both my legs all the way to my toes."	1
"Such interventions placed the general in a role that many within the profession considered inappropriate."	0
"This smile, a true reflection of God's tenderness, is the source of an invincible hope."	1
"Similarly, the western physician's white coat and stethoscope and the environment of western medical clinics and hospitals create an aura of expectancy and hope for healing."	0
"The impact of the floating body effect on noise is investigated in this work for the first time."	0
"The first seismic arrival from an earthquake is the P wave, which is usually relatively low-amplitude."	1
"Another reason for the impression of energy and optimism caused by many posters is their very nature as images of propaganda."	1
"I caught a dose of crabs in Phuket once."	0
"The first part teaches the alphabet along with a fruit or vegetable."	0
"Old pickups and SUVs were stacked up in clunker piles by dealers."	0
"The medical team of the army has undertaken a vaccination drive to prevent outbreak of any epidemic."	0
"Sudden death from inhalation of petroleum distillates is well recognised in misuses of volatile substances."	1
"John Wing used it every time he put a ring into a bore to ensure he wouldn't get a false reading."	0
"Methadone gives a buzz too, but it's the most effective way to reel in heroin addicts into treatment and real life."	1
"Molten core have been dropped into the river to investigate the conditions of the occurrence of a steam."	0
"Tonsillitis is caused by infection by a variety of different micro-organisms."	1
"The lymphomas are caused by neoplastic proliferation of cells in the lymphoid system."	1
"The bomb was hidden in a Toshiba radio-cassette player which in turn, was inside a brown Samsonite suitcase."	0
"Merolchazzar, the high-priest, muttered something about the anger of the Gods at the toleration shown to a sect of impious heretics who ate pigeons broiled, " whereas," said he, "our religion commands us to eat them roasted.""	0
"A really enjoyable drinking experience ensued from this red blend from this boutique winery from the Cowra area of Central Western NSW."	1
"Widely previously interpreted as precursory activity to the 1906 earthquake, they have been found to have a strong seasonal pattern and have been postulated to be due to large seasonal sediment loads in coastal bays that overlie faults as a result of the erosion caused by hydraulic mining in the later years of the California Gold Rush."	1
"It was terrific having LaGravenese aboard, because he was the guy who thought up the whole story, and to ask his opinion was very valuable."	0
"He was 10 to 11 meters away from the accused when the latter ran away from the scene of the incident."	0
"The mice brains were removed into a 35mm dish."	0
"It has helped to revive a city whose primary natural resource -- its charm -- is constantly threatened with extinction from overdevelopment."	1
"The fire started with an explosion in the cargo hold and spread across the ship within 10 minutes."	1
"But the most damage has been caused by the corrosive effects of wind and water."	1
"The ovarian tumour was put inside a plastic bag before retrieval."	0
"And out of the Unspeakable River dividing Zambia and Zimbabwe splashes a crash of stampeding hippopotami."	0
"This established his reputation as a road builder as other engineers had believed it could not be done."	0
"This movie is a depiction of the last twelve hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, on the day of his crucifixion in Jerusalem."	0
"The important thing is to be able to write two or three sentences pointing out similarities and differences between the poems."	0
"The port side of a vessel is indicated with a red navigation light at night."	0
"The kind of treatments necessary to kill the bacteria which cause acne breakouts must be prescribed or administered by a medical professional."	1
"Principals respond to a decrease in uncertainty with more aggressive strategies."	1
"It is a formal legal document that sets out the facts and legal reasons."	0
"Gaza following the widespread destruction caused by the Israeli invasion."	1
"This meeting establishes the laws which govern the church and the priorities for the coming year."	1
"The slide, which was triggered by an avalanche-control crew, damaged one home and blocked the road for most of the day."	1
"On the other hand, the higher the satisfaction from the purchase, the greater the benefit of word-of-mouth referrals and repeat purchasing."	1
"Earthquakes are caused by movement of the earth's crust along this fault."	1
"The mite's burrows, fecal matter, proteins and eggs cause itching, rashes and sensitivity."	1
"They raided a house behind Mustapha's residence and seized a cache of arms, weapons and explosives."	0
"As the vehicles caught fire after the collision, the transformers began to explode one after the other."	1
"The metacorpora ware misplaced into the isthmus."	0
"A habitat suitability index was generated from an elevation surface."	0
"A plasma was generated by an electric discharge between electrodes located in the focal plane of the lens and separated by ~ 1 cm from one another."	1
"Wave crests are blown into the froth."	0
"The crash has been caused by a meteor."	1
"If a participant complaint is the source of an investigative lead, interim contact with the participant should be made by the investigator."	1
"The inequality and poverty caused the riots in 2001."	1
"This developing country has moved into the 21st century."	0
"A Spanish man built a homemade submersible to carry cocaine."	0
"The greatest amazement was caused by the floats."	1
"We continue to see progress toward a world free of the daily terror of antipersonnel landmines."	1
"The flat has a fully equipped kitchen, BBQ, two bathrooms, internet, sky and an indoor pool."	0
"The expressive colour, contrasting with the blackness of an apocalyptic sky, the chiaroscuro that accentuates the insubstantial limbs, and the desert landscape and pile of excrement dominating the scene express Miro's profound pessimism."	0
"About 30 ducks were found dead in Klamath County in the past two days, and officials are investigating whether the deaths are from a cholera outbreak."	1
"Progress comes from constructive competition, and churches and religions can benefit greatly from it."	1
"On the morning of May 25, many schools in northeast China were evacuated because of the earthquake caused by the North Korea nuclear test."	1
"Boslough and colleagues achieved fame more than a decade ago by accurately predicting that that the fireball caused by the intersection of the comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter is observable from Earth."	1
"The detectives have been dragged into a mysterious case."	0
"About nine or ten years ago such a glut of parrs visited that part, that for several weeks it was imposible to dip a pail into the sea without taking some."	0
"When a key is pressed and the circuit is completed, the code generated is sent to the computer either via a keyboard cable (using on-off electrical pulses to represent bits) or over a wireless connection."	0
"I made the carpet by cutting a knitting wool into short strips."	0
"Cobalt metal fume and dust cause upper respiratory tract irritation, chronic interstitial pneumonitis, and skin sensitization."	1
"For very young children the fitter measures the foot with a little hand gauge but when the child gets older they get to go on the state of the art."	0
"This storing capacity is due to the elasticity (flexibility to expand) of the walls of the veins."	0
"The organization delivered meals to homebound seniors."	0
"The Queen has expressed her shock at the devastation caused by the flooding."	1
"The control layout in the cabin comprises computer displays, traditional control panels and two joysticks for con- trolling the crane arm."	0
"The primary parts of a skateboard are the deck, the trucks, the wheels and bearings, the hardware and the grip tape."	0
"The recovery plan was the commencement of a captive breeding program from a small wild population."	0
"Views and camera angles from the upper deck of the bus are good - but it can get wet."	0
"Approximately three dozen bus lines operate from the port authority bus terminal located between Eighth and Ninth Avenues and 40th to 42nd Streets."	0
"A vivid comment was made by the German critic, Walter Benjamin."	0
"The greatest impact of the tsunami was generally in an east-west direction, so the havoc caused by the tsunami along the southwestern shores of Sri Lanka was not as severe as along the eastern coast."	1
"Calluses are caused by improperly fitting shoes or by a skin abnormality."	1
"I had been constipated for over 30 years, had significant sleep requirements (average 9+ hours a night), and had recurring headaches from fatigue and allergies."	1
"The outbreak resulted in 256 deaths and 3,402 injuries."	1
"Larger batteries provide standby power for telephone exchanges or computer data centers."	1
"DOD/USAF/AFRCC initiated Federal SAR response activities for incidents that result in aeronautical distress."	1
"Today, I present to you a small handful of informational tidbits which act as glimpses into the world of a typography enthusiast."	0
"From time to time a drove of goats or donkeys passed by on its way to the Jardin du Luxembourg."	0
"The birthmarks are caused by expansions (dilations) in tiny blood vessels called capillaries."	1
"When Victor Hugo was shown a poem written by a worker, his embarrassed and patronizing response was "In your fine verse there is something more than fine verse.""	0
"My baby sister was lying asleep in a cradle next to my mom's bed."	0
"They are just a nice bunch of guys."	0
"The earthquake caused a bulrush marsh at West Point, on the Puget Sound shore in Seattle, to drop and the tsunami deposited sand on top of the marsh."	1
"It gets a little bit "chicken first or egg first" on examination but the primary truth is that the attacks are caused by the fear of the attacks themselve."	1
"When deliberations began, the crowd of people jamming the hallways radiated optimism."	1
"The amide-linked local anesthetics, bupivacaine and ropivacaine, cause depression of cardiac contractility and dysrhythmias."	1
"April, 1903 saw the first issue of the Delta Chi Quarterly published for a fraternity of fourteen chapters and fewer than 3000 alumni."	0
"Finally, Slone's fear of AIDS and the mental distress she suffered from this fear were caused by the needle stab."	1
"It's very rewarding and I get a great deal of enjoyment and satisfaction from mentoring."	1
"The movement developed from the rediscovery by European scholars of many Greek and Roman texts."	1
"This movie has thrown viewers into confusion."	0
"Lesions involving the medial part of the premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area (SMA) and the rear portion of the medial part of the precentral gyrus caused a contralateral, severe leg-predominant hemiplegia, distally predominant and a less severe proximal weakness of the arm."	1
"A tear or a crease changes the character of the surface more drastically than a mere deformation from roundness."	1
"The foundry's major product lines include manhole frames and utility covers, airport castings, drainage products, Trench Grates, hydrant and valve components, and industrial castings."	0
"British troops made their deepest incursion into Basra yesterday, "poking a toe" within four miles of the centre."	0
"On my backpacking trip, the insoles caused a hot spot on the left side of my right heel and a blister on the right side of my left heel."	1
"Information about Salmonellosis, an illness caused by a bacteria found in raw food, soil, or water."	1
"Profit from sale of investments is tax-free for general insurers."	1
"The psychiatrist killed him with the drugs she gave him."	0
"Surely the answer grows partly from the 20th century's long strange trend toward treating children as a separate species."	0
"The pseudolesion was caused by drainage of the paraumbilical vein."	1
"They respond to more and more telephone calls demanding payments to cover costs in order to receive their prize."	0
"The transmitter sends a radio signal to the doorbell radio receiver inside the building."	1
"On eastern side the company has carved out 30-foot benches, known as "Mayan steps.""	0
"Argentina was the destruction of the natural grasslands caused by the expansion of the cropping frontiers starting in 1875."	1
"In a clock, the 'tick' is produced by the action of the escapement."	1
"Outside the walls of Athens, the site of the Academy was a sacred grove of olive trees, still recalled in the phrase "the groves of Academe.""	0
"After the fox, the hunter ran into a small cave."	0
"The pain he felt was caused by the plant rubbing against his capillaries."	1
"This paper presents the results of a survey of the building damage caused by the ash fall from the cataclysmic eruption of Mount Pinatubo."	1
"The armature has a coil of wire wrapped around an iron core."	0
"Furthermore, the substrate doping density at which impact ionization causes avalanche breakdown at the trench capacitor junction has been estimated."	1
"Sip the tea slowly to reduce stomach pain from indigestion, bloating and feeling of fullness."	1
"Priority must be given to efforts to combat insecurity and thus poverty, major cause of violence most often experienced by poorest."	1
"The pension crisis has been caused by the escalating cost of funding "copper bottomed" final salary pension schemes still provided, unlike most companies, by councils and other public sector employers such as Transport for London."	1
"The pretexts offered were laughable, and the response caused scarcely a ripple on the flood of commentary on Washington's noble "efforts to spread democracy"."	1
"As delegates gather in Copenhagen for the UN climate summit, a new poll shows growing concern for climate change."	0
"Contents of the scrapbooks included pictures cut from magazines and newspapers, stories, poems and anecdotes as well as photographs."	0
"Grapefruit juice causes more of these drugs to enter the blood."	0
"Germs are microscopic organisms that cause sickness or disease."	1
"The drop was caused by the recession and the usual seasonal factors, with fruit and vegetable prices lower in the summer months."	1
"The shock wave was generated by an explosive made from RDX."	1
"Instead, criminal law is set out in a diverse range of statutes and court decisions."	1
"The full amount paid to Aardman for the blaze, which was triggered by an electrical fault, was not disclosed."	1
"The first bank in Loudoun County, the short-lived Loudoun Company, held meetings in the cellar of this dwelling beginning around 1815, hence the name Bank House."	0
"The said whistle produced the 2600 Hz tone necessary to authorize calls."	1
"Seniors get much joy from animals."	1
"Since the ultimate purpose of the company is that of sales, the sales department is rightly recognized as one of the major departments of the business."	0
"This an alliance of various elements connected into the political elite with the old PRD forces, who have adopted a strategy of postponing efforts to lead any fight with the domestic bourgeoisie."	0
"The purpose of this paper is to present an on-going research that constructs a live thesaurus directly from search term logs of real-world search engines."	0
"This oven has a flat belt conveyor with three zones and complete controls."	0
"Lumberjacks hold the axe handle nearer the axe head."	0
"Heat, wind and smoke cause flight delays."	1
"The heated gas caused a pyrolysis on the lower part of oil shale and produced shale oil and oil shale gas are escaped from the retort through exhaust pipe."	1
"They have taken this from my trousseau when something rustles beyond the staggering gambol of the shadow dancers."	0
"It is noteworthy that Peacham's emblem has a hunter chasing the ermine with a spear and dogs."	0
"Davies, the writer behind award-winning BBC adaptations of Bleak House, Little Dorrit and Pride and Prejudice, blamed what he called a "new breed" of BBC executives."	0
"The booby trap Puller stepped on was made with a howitzer shell."	0
"All LibriVox recordings have been released into the public domain."	0
"The government took advantage of Independent TV's debts to the main gas company, Gazprom, to engineer a takeover by government-friendly forces."	0
"The waste, a mixture of gasoline, water and caustic soda, gave off toxic fumes."	1
"The cutaneous mycoses are caused by a homogeneous group of keratinophilic fungi termed the dermatophytes."	1
"The drag caused by the Earth's atmosphere works against a rocket or a water molecule."	1
"Solar disturbances such as flares, prominences, and sunspots increase the amount of radiation from the sun."	1
"Little Irish girl Becky called a demolition company and asked if they would knock her school down."	1
"Depression is among the top 10 causes of suicide both among doctors as well as nursing professionals."	1
"The small spring of the percussion hammer then forces the latter downward into the head of the striker, thus firing the mine."	0
"Conflict had caused the collapse of the Somali Republic."	1
"Pancreatitis is an inflammation of the pancreas caused by a malfunction involving the digestive enzymes that the pancreas makes."	1
"The tides are caused by the gravitational force of the Moon."	1
"The urban legend was that the whole village had moved from Italy to South Wales."	0
"The shooting stemmed from an argument the two students had "in the community" over the weekend."	1
"A woman applies the patch to the skin of her abdomen or buttock for three and a half weeks."	0
"As the officer shone his flashlight on the lock he was working on, he spotted a marijuana pipe laying on the floor inside the car."	0
"A rustic cottage and farm yard buildings give memories from bygone days."	0
"One daughter sewed four wide shirttails into a sack, which the men in the family filled with corn and sweet potatoes and hid in a ditch."	0
"So the chief of the police shouted to his officers, "Stop thief!" and many made after him."	0
"In one case, the waterjet caused a large gouge on the bottom side of a a copper/ wood/copper piece."	1
"Two other structures in the depth of the midbrain that are important for normal motor function are the red nucleus (not visible) and the substantia nigra."	0
"The authors produced a high quality book that is an important reference source whenever I need to undertake strategic planning."	0
"The Archbishop of York, Dr John Sentamu, visited the stoneyard to survey the damage caused by the fire."	1
"Talks have moved into a new topic."	0
"The aircraft was written off in the accident due to the severe impact caused by the KLM aircraft, and the resulting fire."	1
"Acne is caused by oily skin and often has black or whiteheads, inflamed sores, and infected sores along with scars."	1
"A thorough oral examination, which includes dental X-rays, determines that the toothache is coming from a jaw problem."	1
"The nitric oxide was contained in a large gold-plated cylinder in which it was ionized by krypton resonance radiation."	0
"We currently store the mixture in a covered container in the refrigerator and we will use it up within a couple of days."	0
"Unfortunately, my aunt fell into bad health throughout the year."	0
"The demolition was the cause of terror and communal divide is just a way of not letting truth prevail."	1
"Later on that same day, an electrical short at the Farragut North station caused a fire on the tracks which shut down service three times over the course of the day."	1
"The company has been dragged into a lawsuit."	0
"The human papillomavirus is one of the most common causes of these and most other types of warts, and this is a virus that attacks the skin through direct contact."	1
"A statement of the boards, councils, committees and other bodies consisting of two or more persons constituted as its part or for the purpose of its advice, and as to whether meetings of those boards, councils, committees and other bodies are open to the public, or the minutes of such meetings are accessible for public."	0
"Pigs really fly....with the help of a trampoline."	0
"An examination has been made of all articles published in the review from 1944 through 1953."	0
"A senior UN official sacked earlier this year had drawn up plans to depose Afghanistan's president Hamid Karzai."	0
"An experienced driver "feathers" the brakes so as to stop the vehicle with only just enough torque in the brakes to hold the vehicle stationary on any gradient."	0
"Whooping cough is another name for the pertussis, an infection of the airways caused by the bacteria bordetella pertussis."	1
"The boy inserted pepper into his little brother's toy."	0
"The displacement comes from low atmospheric pressure within the centre of the depression."	1
"We explore the experience of grief after the loss of a parent and offers support; we also make simple suggestions, and we provide a place for sharing memories."	1
"Our microwave has a button for popcorn."	0
"He schose the better approach: to be honest and understanding and to acknowledge the distress caused by the hallucinations or delusions."	1
"Tongsville uses a menage of pixel styles that are best compared to famed digitally designed experiences like Netbabyworld and eBoy's eCity."	0
"The water evaporated from the paintings, leaving only the colored salt behind."	0
"The handbag was locked in a glass display case."	0
"Each antler grows from an attachment point on the skull called a pedicle."	0
"All thirty of the patches sewn into the cloth in 1534 by the Poor Clare nuns to repair the devastation caused by the 1532 fire were removed."	1
"The reference clock signal originates from an internal clock source."	1
"There are a series of books dealing with the identification of groups of birds."	0
"The President seeks to hand over power for AIDS program to client countries."	0
"Astrophysicists have discovered a new explanation for the early composition of our solar system."	0
"Thousands of women suffer headaches from caffeine withdrawal as a result of this study."	1
"The structural deficit has been caused by the series of tax cuts, not the recession or defense needs."	1
"Global warming pollution from cars, light trucks and SUV's is the single largest source of global warming pollution generated in Maine."	1
"Cells damaged or killed by flu result in the production of interferon which is one of the most potent causes of fever."	1
"And this is frequently cited as "proof" that saturated fats and cholesterol cause heart disease."	1
"The halting of easy profits from inflation brought on a banking crisis, which resulted in a complete restructuring of the industry during the late 1990s."	1
"The incident caused a brief sensation on the Web among people suspicious that it was a political commentary."	1
"A grieving family learned their 95-year-old great-grandmother had been cremated when they found a stranger's body in her casket."	0
"Their success comes from their ability to quickly answer a growing surge of mid-size customer demands -- demands that *always* focus around ease of implementation and ease of administration/use."	1
"Three distinct formulations of valproic acid have been investigated in clinical trials."	0
"In a literature review of 875 cases of Merkel cell carcinoma, the tumor was the cause of death in 34% of these patients."	1
"The drone strike that resulted in the death of Pakistan's most wanted terrorist is believed to be a result of deliberately planted false intelligence, sources in South Waziristan have confirmed."	1
"A man uses a microphone as he gives a speech."	0
"During the great fire of the aftershock in Tokyo in 1923 many Ginkgo trees survived while other trees died."	1
"The new cigarettes cause headaches and nausea and contain dangerous chemicals."	1
"The South China tigers are verging on the brink on extinction from hunting and deforestation, and these magestic animals are so close to being gone forever."	1
"He proposed writing a teacher's guide to blackboard drawing."	0
"Discussion ensued from the Florida contingent on the fact that very stringent landowner protection laws in Florida make it imperative that the highest supportable appraised vallue be offered first."	1
"By the end of the work day, the anger was radiating from the city."	1
"The polluted water has been poured into a local river."	0
"I get severe headaches and dizziness from colas and drinks with nutrasweet (aspartame) and splenda (sucralose)."	1
"The gold leaf lobby ceiling was hand-finished by an Italian craftsman."	0
"Eight to 10 protesters broke away from a larger group of demonstrators and darted into the street in front of Palin's car just after the first police motorcycles in her motorcade had passed."	0
"The dramatic streaks we see in the sky are caused by particles that incinerate before they hit the ground."	1
"It found the net aggregate economic benefit to native-born Americans from the enormous influx accidentally triggered by the 1965 immigration is nugatory-less than $10 billion a year, in an economy of $10 trillion."	1
"His trademark steam-engine puffing is revealed as a sound made by a viper spitting venom at his prey before swallowing her whole."	1
"Many commercial soap, shower gel or cleanser products contain preservatives, colorants and chemicals that cause dryness, rashes, itchiness and roughness on the skin."	1
"The killings resulted in indiscriminate firing by unknown people in Garden area of the city."	1
"The marsupial pouch helps keep the young attached to a teat."	0
"A gingerbread house creation by the culinary art students of Wake Tech was auctioned off at the Umstead Hotel in Cary."	0
"She received a letter discussing her teaching duties."	0
"Genuine joy comes from profound spiritual awareness on life and an absolute clarity of direction, living for a purpose."	1
"I am amazed how the sound is making things bounce off the walls in my house."	0
"The case studies detail where refugees come from now and in the past."	0
"The president of the bank has told us that most of the State banks exist by its forbearance."	0
"The movie gives the inaccurate impression that the Apaches all surrendered."	1
"The armed men tore down the rear wall using a sledgehammer and used a bolt cutter to destroy the detention locks."	0
"Entrepreneurship out of necessity is quite common in Europe where 60% of female headed businesses in Northern Europe and 70% in Southern Europe are established for this reason."	1
"Rather than call a mobile mechanic, the drivers fixed the hole with a toothpick."	0
"In ionic conduction charge carriers are affected by the electromagnetic radiation from the microwaves by being attracted or repelled by the electric field."	1
"The following table indicates the party of elected officials in the U.S. state of California."	0
"The riot was instigated by the clergy of the Church of England with the active support and collaboration of the magistrates."	1
"The new study provides insight into how the first flowering plants evolved from pre-existing genetic programs found in gymnosperms."	0
"The only light was from two turrets of bulletproof glass."	1
"Secretary Tim Geithner came along with a fistful of taxpayer dollars."	0
"Capacity is the combination of human resources and institutions that permits countries to achieve their development goals."	0
"Primary wholesale markets are held in a fixed place and transact daily a large volume of business emanated from the village markets."	1
"The desperate man who had clung to the stump had battered the rocks with a shuddering thump."	1
"Over 90% of the cases of ringworm of the scalp are caused by Trichophyton tonsurans, a fungus that infects the hairs and causes them to break."	1
"When shown the location of the drugs, the investigators noted that the drugs were in a box in a closet, and were not stored in a securely locked, substantially constructed cabinet, as required."	0
"The website cited notes made by an investigator from the Los Angeles County Coroner's office as the source of the information."	0
"Since Sally Industries' inception, John Wood has been a key member of the company's management team and a founding member of the board of directors."	0
"The scale of such landslides on natural slopes can be large enough to devastate entire villages or towns, such as the Huascaran Avalanche triggered by the Peru earthquake (1970, Mw = 7.8), or the complex slides caused by the Alaska earthquake in 1964 (Ms = 8.4)."	1
"Well I know quite a few people who get dissatisfaction from laughing at retards."	1
"Recessions are caused by an excess demand for money combined with rational downward price rigidity."	1
"The crashes resulted in the collapse of much of the World Trade Center complex, the destruction of part of the southwest side of the Pentagon."	1
"The guest of honour breaks open the clay with a mallet, allowing a fragrant aroma to escape."	0
"A project to regulate the standard of private rental properties in Dumfries and Galloway looks set to close."	0
"The axis of the drive wheel of the internal Geneva drive haves a bearing only on one side."	0
"Eighty-four percent of the complications resulted in patient deaths, while 16 percent resulted in a serious injury."	1
"The recovery is weak and fragile, and the economic and social damage caused by the crisis is long-lasting."	1
"Douglas obeyed the king, and the heart was enclosed in a silver casket."	0
"The pollution from animal factories is also destroying parts of the world's oceans."	1
"The balance of the loot was in a box in the garage."	0
"The restructuring charge was comprised of $11.9 million of cash expenditures for severance benefits and other costs and $8.2 million of non-cash charges, primarily for the write-down of impaired assets."	0
"In chemical lasers the inversion is produced by a chemical reaction."	1
"The chapters included in the book are the "core" of this fundamental handbook on heterogeneous catalysis."	0
"The species makes a squelching noise."	1
"Because the fire was caused by fireworks, costs associated with suppressing the fire were also applied."	1
"Although the custom originated in an all male military, it is gender neutral."	0
"Headaches, dizziness, balance problems, and neck and back pain were caused by the work injury."	1
"The time to the arrival of the first Brownian particle from an equilibrated continuumbath to an absorbing sphere was shown by Bordewijk in 1975."	0
"The weekend snow storm caused cancellation of the Tornadoes' scheduled league game."	1
"The Hip Hop National interschool is rescheduled to the 1st week of July."	0
"The disruption has been caused by the freak storms and flash floods overnight."	1
"The scandals are caused by the young female celebs who 'inadvertently' reveal glimpses of their naked faces as they get out of limousines."	1
"A jack-knifed lorry caused delays on the A27 eastbound between Havant, Hampshire, and Chichester, West Sussex."	1
"The warmth was radiating from the fireplace to all corners of the room."	1
"In other words, the bow of the vessel points at the 'windy' extended edge of the table."	0
"The replies are posted to all groups."	0
"Many old products are exported to developing countries."	0
"The 1906 San Francisco earthquake was caused by a rupture on the San Andreas Fault, a continental transform fault that forms part of the boundary between the Pacific Plate and the North American Plate."	1
"There exists a widespread controversy over stem cell research that emanates from the techniques used in the creation and usage of stem cells."	1
"He went to the kids department in the store, decorated one of the "Little Brown Bags" and was entered to win prizes, including a $100 shopping spree."	0
"At full establishment, a brigade of 18-lbr field guns consisted of 795 men of whom 23 were officers."	0
"The accompanying inflammatory process had caused the stricture of the mid-CBD."	1
"The electron beam is generated by an explosive emission cathode."	1
"The bacteria released arsenic into the groundwater."	0
"Light blue shows the additional extent of an extreme flood from rivers or the sea."	1
"Information about the foodborne illness caused by salmonella bacteria."	1
"A lamp's lumen output expresses the total amount of light the lamp emits in all directions per unit time."	1
"A juicer is a utensil used for squeezing juice from fruit."	0
"With the pollution caused by the buring of coal, the light-colored tree trunks became darker due to soot."	1
"The 400 V power supply (unstabilized) was derived from a conventional power-pack with n-filter."	0
"The competitor car achieved the top fuel efficiency using a small internal combustion engine."	0
"A second aspect of the invention provides apparatuses for indicating the position of an oar during rowing."	0
"Eye discomfort from this staring effect is exacerbated by low humidity."	1
"The newborn arrived into this world with gifts and talents."	0
"Many of the 550 deaths are directly and intentionally caused by the physician but not reported as euthanasia because they lacked consent."	1
"A human finger was found in a can of menudo soup."	0
"Swelling of the resin is caused by the expansion of the structure as a result of water (or other liquid) molecules penetrating the matrix."	1
"The thin F ring on the left of the image shows the perturbations caused by the moon Prometheus."	1
"A girl plays her violin on a pogo stick."	0
"The first order of business when a patient complains of palpitations is to check whether the palpitations are caused by a heart rhythm."	1
"After the freighter was full of Colombian dope, it was transferred on the ocean to a handful of medium-sized boats and eventually to smaller craft that blended in with recreation boaters for the trip to American soil."	0
"The call came from a Minnesota father who said his daughter was in the chapel that day."	0
"The resulting deliverables provide richer, more detailed, and more helpful information for your clients."	0
"Interpolation of the missing samples repairs the waveform with a minimum of distortion."	1
"The method comprises the steps of heating a laminated sheet, and vacuum forming the heated sheet in the first vacuum mould component."	0
"The bending caused a fracture on the tension side of the test specimen, but the UHMP fiber ribbon held the fractured parts together."	1
"The concerto comes from the pop of gas bubbles escaping the joints, snapping tendons and ligaments, and rickety arthritic joints."	1
"The cool fog of the summer morning had inundated the fabric of the blimp's coverings with excess moisture, adding additional weight to the aircraft."	1
"The echoing you see is from an expect command running after send has run."	1
"Wind and water erosion is confined to farmlands."	1
"Inhalation of excessive concentrations of vapor, fumes, and/or dust produces irritation of the upper respiratory trad."	1
"The French Government published on 13 January 2010 new guaranteed tariffs for the purchase of electricity produced from biomass, geothermal and solar by the public electricity grid management companies."	0
"The magnetic field is generated by an electric current circulating in the star's interior."	1
"Rosacea is a longterm disorder in which the skin of the face becomes red and develops pimples, lesions, and more rarely enlargement of the nose."	0
"The large anti-neutrino component is the source of an irreducible background."	1
"A Philippine Airforce aerial shot shows residents standing on a rooftop to escape the floodwaters caused by continuous rains brought on by Typhoon Ketsana in Marikina city, metro Manila September 27, 2009."	1
"The pandemic was caused by the virus Yesinia pestis, better known as The Bubonic Black Plague, which infected the flees on the Black rodents."	1
"The ale poured slowly into a mug, at first all foam, then turning translucent before suddenly clarifying into a brilliant suds-topped amber."	0
"Acne is caused by clogging of sebaceous (oil producing) glands on the skin."	1
"The crisis originated in an over-leveraged corporate sector and a banking sector that had mismatched assets and liabilities."	0
"The US price of gasoline went unchanged from two weeks ago, holding an average of $2.64 a gallon."	0
"An alert victim with a broken neck or severely torn ligament has enough discomfort from the injury and muscle spasm to force him to hold his neck still."	1
"Short-term side effects are uncommon, but include headache from eyestrain, nausea, agitation or nervousness."	1
"Biology is the natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms."	0
"Bacterial infections of the ear result in malodor, excessive exudation (drainage of pus-like material), and ulceration."	1
"General information about the infection caused by the bacteria called Salmonella, when food is eaten raw or undercooked."	1
"Students wrote scripts to narrate their story."	0
"The December 26th tsunami disaster is an example of a tsunami which was triggered by an earthquake."	1
"For example, consonants were misplaced into consonant slots."	0
"She placed the bottle in a jug, filled this with freshly boiled water, and placed it on a low table for ease of access."	0
"Acne is caused by infections that occur when pores in the skin are filled with oil, dirt, or other substances."	1
"However several species of fungi, insect, and bacteria cause mortality or reduced growth of the tree."	1
"Until last year, Afghanistan was an opium exporter, not a major heroin producer."	0
"Polar bears and hippos have joined the ranks of species threatened with extinction from climate change, unregulated hunting and other dangers created by humans."	1
"News programs commented on the violence from the game and expressed worries on how it would affect the players' personalities."	0
"Aware of the suffering caused by unmindful drinking, I am committed to cultivate good health, both physical and mental, for myself, my family, and my society."	1
"The subject of "imply" is the source of an implication while the subject of "infer" is the recipient of an implication."	1
"Some people took this as an indication that the increase was caused by the MMR vaccine."	1
"Infamous criminal's skull was handed over to the authorities."	0
"The dancing duo caused a stir on the 2008 series of the show with their infusion of classic Michael Jackson songs and dance moves mixed with bangra."	1
"We poured the pulp into the tupperware tub filled with water."	0
"13, students were evacuated from Conrad Residence for approximately 15 minutes after burnt food in one of the kitchens set off the fire alarm."	1
"I found a wallet once with 30 quid in it, I handed in the wallet but took the money."	0
"Water damage from roof leaks, plumbing leaks or flooding lead to the growth of molds."	1
"Lesions restricted to the rear portion of the medial part of the precentral gyrus caused a contralateral predominantly distal leg weakness."	1
"Hundreds of thousands in central China are sleeping outdoors for fear of more tremors after Saturday's earthquake."	1
"My hand was resting on the arm of the chair."	0
"The banks, in order to employ the government deposits, gave unusual accommodation to their customers, until, moving in a circle of fallacies, the whole colony dreamed of growing rich by selling to each other land which produced nothing."	0
"The act of repeated hand washing is the compulsive behavior performed in an attempt to remove the anxiety caused by the obsessive thought."	1
"The damage caused by a bullet depends on the amount of energy which it transfers to the tissues."	1
"Be sure to drink plenty of water to prevent running a fever from dehydration."	1
"The grief from sudden death is completely different from expected death, when families have time to prepare and say goodbye."	1
"The new letter reminds them of the broker's prediction about ABC's stock and makes a new prediction about DEF's stock for the next month."	0
"Children stand near houses in Padang that caught fire after the earthquake."	1
"A common side effect of strict elimination after extended periods of use is headaches from caffeine withdrawal, which is also a clear sign of the addiction."	1
"A man who fell from a bridge along Interstate 29/35 after running from a minor crash has died."	0
"The right sleeve of this shirt features the Harley-Davidson Bar & Shield logo in orange, black and white."	0
"All key suppliers are part of Toyota's supplier association."	0
"Lopez and Espinoza took plea agreements that resulted in diversion -- the completion of requirements such as community service and a fine during a probation period that ended with a clean slate and no conviction."	1
"The hinge caused a crack on the left side of my kindle, and Amazon has been horrible about helping with this issue."	1
"Harriers are large, slender hawk-like birds with long tails and long, thin legs."	0
"I found that the wind swirling around from the back, in between the front seats, caused a draft on the driver and passenger's necks."	1
"The wire had caused a slight injury on the ventral side of the neck and at the base of horns."	1
"The metal ball makes a ding ding ding noise when it swings back and hits the metal body of the lamp."	1
"The clever house rat is going to get away from a cell."	0
"After having been aged for several months to a year, the cigars were kept in a humidor; thus they tasted better."	0
"An actress's nude photos have been leaked to a local journal."	0
"The elderly found it hard to cope with the high heat-humidity, which often causes nausea and dizziness from exhaustion and dehydration."	1
"The project uses art as an instrument to provide viewers different insights."	0
"The defendant and I flinched when the judge pounded his gavel."	0
"The team is travelling into uncharted territory."	0
"Thus previous scientific estimates had overstated the devastation caused by the asteroid, since topographic and ecologic factors contributing to the result had not been taken into account."	1
"A neoplastic recurrence arose from an extensive radiation induced ulceration."	1
"The battle caused a panic on the frontier, and settlers in the surrounding counties fled."	1
"Cobalt metal fume and dust cause irritation of the nose and throat."	1
"World AIDS Day, observed December 1 each year, is dedicated to raising awareness of the AIDS pandemic caused by the spread of HIV infection."	1
"When a fan of EA's golf game pointed out a flaw that Tiger Woods could play a "Jesus Shot" from on water, the game manufacturer's response was this viral featuring the man himself."	0
"There is the evidence, photographic and otherwise, recording the debris caused by the subsequent fire and the explosions."	0
"The 77-year-old is suffering from exhaustion and he will undergo medical tests."	1
"My two friends have moved into my apartment last weekend."	0
"The alleged abuse resulted in bruises and swelling of the brain."	1
"Most of Birdtown's earliest residents hailed from Eastern European countries, including Slovakia, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Poland and Carpatho-Rusyn."	0
"The bleeding was caused by an injury, such as a fall or something hitting your face."	1
"The Beatles' 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band has a widely-recognized album cover which depicts several dozen celebrities and other images."	0
"The Braidwood Generating Station, owned by the Exelon Corporation, has leaked tritium into underground water."	0
"The talk considers graphs and multi-graphs as a subject of knowledge."	0
"Short-term disability and long-term disability benefits are available at no cost to USTelecom employees."	1
"The particles were dropped into the clouds before the storm occurred."	0
"Diet fizzy drinks and meat cause heart disease and diabetes."	1
"The resulting shockwaves produced the metal-forming conditions for periods of 100-200 ns."	1
"The 9-mm pistol was hidden in the battery slot of the laptop and could have been used in a possible hijacking attempt."	0
"Olympics have already poured one billion into the economy."	0
"The pig was in a crate on the back of the wagon, and cold as it was, Mr. Huy waded to the wagon and fed it that night and the next morning."	0
"Goguryeo developed from a league of various Yemaek tribes to an early state and rapidly expanded its power from their original basin of control in the Hun river drainage."	0
"Olympic chiefs are worried about the environmental damage caused by the Olympic flame."	1
"The harm has been caused by the invitation system."	1
"Infection starts with manual execution of the binary."	1
"The sound machine contained 10 sounds that his dog loved."	1
"In the foreground a large upright stone, carved in roman capitals, still exhibits the name of a builder of mausoleums and cenotaphs."	0
"Environmentalists, utilities, and green businesses are turning to behavioral economics."	0
"We discovered that my chronic migraines and neck pain were caused by the injuries I had sustained in my first car accident two and a half years ago."	1
"Acne or pimples are caused by hormonal changes, wrong food habits and improper skin care."	1
"Younger workers demand more perks due to the exit of the much larger Boomer generation from the workforce."	0
"McCain's proposals were outlined in a speech made at the prestigious Carnegie Mellon University."	0
"As I move closer to the kitchen, the steady hum of the refrigerator grows stronger."	1
"The effect is a series of poems relating a story of one man's journey to find happiness."	0
"The loan fees were added into the set interest."	0
"We sent a query to two servers at a time."	0
"The lychee stuffed in the meat stirs the palate with a resonating note of citrus while the elusive taste of the lotus leaves fades."	0
"In a desperate attempt, the company poured money into the project."	0
"The handpiece contains a primary coil and the sleeve encloses a secondary coil, which are inductively coupled together so that electromagnetic energy can be transferred between them."	0
"The exhibition shows the hilt of the 18th century smallsword used by Captain John Paul Schott in the American Revolutionary War."	0
"Beavers also build canals to float build materials that are difficult to haul over land."	0
"I've never seen anything like it in my life: they have a whole town of prarie dogs."	0
"The Titan heats the dermis to cause collagen contraction while ensuring preservation the epidermis through continuous cooling."	1
"The party-goers had an array of favorite moments from the past year, from celebrity scandals to personal triumphs, but everyone seemed focused on their resolutions and things to come."	0
"It took a long time to undo the damage that has been caused by the crisis of confidence, damage whose effects are just now beginning to make themselves felt in a slow, glacial collapse."	1
"At the moment, we have to expend a great deal of effort to fight black Sigatoka, which attacks the banana plant's leaves."	0
"The kids get great joy from eating the tomatoes right off the vine."	1
"The book was placed into every store within the past few days."	0
"The man radiated jolliness."	1
"The internal proletariat, consisting of failed citizens, conquered peoples, and slaves, turn away from the aggressive conquering state."	0
"The pain was caused by the parasite entering the body through the skin during bathing or drinking of infested water."	1
"A shortage of folate cause megaloblastic anemia, where red blood cells are large and pale."	1
"Passengers have rights in the event of a delay or cancellation that has been caused by the airline."	1
"One of the recurring themes of the book is the influence of religion in motivating and structuring Dutch emigration."	0
"The pet was overly sensitive, and thus the ticks and fleas caused rashes and discomfort."	1
"Immediately a soft glow appeared on her lovely face as the light was radiating from her soft winged friend."	1
"In this excellent fourth Sunny Randall PI tale (after Shrink Rap), is shown how sadness leads to murder."	1
"A man in a mechanic's jumpsuit took the elevator to the eighteenth floor and shook hands with a smiling agent."	0
"Peters's pain and symptoms were caused by the automobile accident."	1
"Professionals from streams like law, engineering, agriculture also have opening in the management cadre of various banks."	0
"Narrative identity takes part in the story's movement, in the dialectic between order and disorder."	0
"As an option for extra credit, I read it also and completed a parent's book report for the teacher."	0
"Describing all of the harm caused by the hurricane has filled entire books so this Web page summarizes the total damage and focuses on the damage incurred on Long Island, New York."	1
"He preserved the working ranches of the west, while achieving an expansion of the ranch's value through development and management of the recreational ecosystem within the ranch."	1
"The addition of disintegrants could further accelerate the drug release from the tablet."	0
"Instead of plowing the land with a single furrow plow, some large-scale farmers began to use a multiple share or bukker plow."	0
"Our procedure is applicable to a wide variety of problems in which an order parameter departs spontaneously from an unstable initial value."	0
"Pavlov-like, looking at the picture aids "let-down," the release of milk normally triggered by the presence of the baby, its touch, its cry."	1
"Speeding is one of the more obvious causes of pedestrian accidents."	1
"When it was closer she saw the light was coming from a flashlight being carried in the mouth of a large black Scottie dog, its muzzle gray with age."	1
"After 2000, his research has concerned environmental issues in South Africa."	0
"Famine following drought has hit the West African savannahs, where there have been other bad droughts, notably the great one of 1972-74."	1
"The Maryland Department of the Environment has already worked to reduce the amount of pollution from sources like cars and factories."	1
"My dog has a fever from allergies he was given clavamox and a shot."	1
"Individuals with this change, or with similar mutations in the USH2A gene, develop moderate to severe hearing loss and retinitis pigmentosa, a disorder that results in loss of vision."	1
"What is so amazing about this technology is that the image is constructed from random photos pulled from the Internet."	0
"Other reports talk about the former government troops that are holding out in other regions of Sierra Leone, particularly the town of Makeni."	0
"The singing comes from the substantial figure of Mole - Paul Smith in the normal world - who crams into his days a full-time job."	1
"This subject has over the years become the topic for much discussion."	0
"The team used the newly-developed nanoparticle to build therapies for treatment of individuals with cardiovascular disease."	0
"So, while naked, he stole a car with children inside, dropped one out of the window, and drove it through a fence."	0
"Her unexpected elimination caused a riot on the Internet, and one blog site (SOHH.com) referred to her elimination episode as the one where the show lost all credibility."	1
"They discovered a good bit of published literature about modification of yeast with resveratrol-related genes."	0
"Fainting is a common cause of unconsciousness and may occur when the casualty's heart rate is too slow to maintain sufficient blood pressure for the brain."	1
"Finally, this entire assembly is covered by a lid attached to the rear of the coffeemaker and latches in front."	0
"His crew has journeyed into numerous haunted locations including the Stanley Hotel."	0
"The impact of the tire against the pothole caused a slit on the tube that the repairman had to sew three stiches."	1
"Obama uses Nobel speech to explain his foreign policy doctrine."	0
"The team prepared GIS precipitation and contour maps of the area (approximately 777 square miles) depicting the landforms and identifying the flooding and landslides caused by the rainfall."	1
"A method for computing the deformation of the crust caused by the filling of large lakes."	1
"Brushing after meals became part of your daily schedule."	0
"Contractions of the diaphragm are caused by stimulation of the vagus nerve either by the brain or by irritation anywhere along the length of the nerve."	1
"I got a fever from exhaustion and it seems like I'm better but basically my body is suffering from major exhaustion so I'm always tired."	1
"Unlike earlier machines, their typewriter permits the typist to see what is being typed and has other features that make it the first really practical typing machine."	0
"The taxi was dropped into the river killing all passengers."	0
"Surviving a plane crash over Micronesia as a baby that killed my adoptive parents, I was initially raised by a whoop of wild gorillas, then later by savage pygmies who idolised me as someone with special powers and christened me "Mighty White Man", shortened recently to Dean Wightman."	0
"Xiehouyu is a Chinese proverb consisting of two parts."	0
"For 31 years, the symposium has assembled international physicians and researchers from academic institutions and private organisations."	0
"Farmers till their fields with implements which Europeans know only from museums."	0
"The painter uses a perch and a roller to apply the painting to the roof of a building."	0
"Mr C notes worsening of seizures and cognition with sleep deprivation and stress."	1
"The war refuges migrated into the Southern region to avoid battles."	0
"Birth defects are caused by drugs that the persons have been exposed to before birth."	1
"This year's Nobel Laureates in Physiology or Medicine made the remarkable and unexpected discovery that inflammation in the stomach (gastritis) as well as ulceration of the stomach or duodenum (peptic ulcer disease) is the result of an infection of the stomach caused by the bacterium Helicobacter pylori."	1
"Initiated during the early 1990's National Mineral Resource Assessment, this project received a major boost from funding provided through the 'Data-at-Risk' add-on funding received by the USGS through the 2004 fiscal year."	1
"Dizziness from nasal and sinus pressure usually can be seen on a good nasal examination and a CT of the sinuses."	1
"However, the planning proposal has generated opposition from locals who have voiced fears over health issues."	1
"Later in his speech, Obama declared his support for Iranian nuclear power and opposition to Iranian nuclear weapons."	0
"China associates itself with the statement by the representative of South Africa on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, and now my delegation would like to make a few comments on the following issues."	0
"The ethmoid forms the medial portions of the orbits and the roof of the nasal cavity."	0
"The piglet's incisor teeth are cut off with pliers."	0
"Cervical cancer is caused by infection with the human papillomavirus (HPV) and is one of the most common cancers in women in developing countries."	1
"The average soldier joins your army for the pay, and if you cannot pay him he will walk away and go back to get a job as a farmer or laborer."	0
"All of the products grown by the defendant are grown either under glass or in special plots of ground."	0
"Convulsions that occur after DTaP are usually not caused directly by the vaccine, but by a fever, which in turn was triggered by the vaccine."	1
"The designer made up these sets for us from leftover fabirc."	0
"The genreal anesthetic cause unconsciousness and insensibility to paid and are used for major surgical procedures."	1
"The world was created by a long process beginning with the collapse of a huge molecular cloud."	0
"These chemical studies were directed toward proof of structure of the indole components of the seeds."	1
"The singer, who performed three of the nominated songs, also caused a commotion on the red carpet."	1
"The high humidity caused by the rainfall damaged the seed of PU already mature while the good soil moisture allowed the seed of SO, TO and OO to fill better."	1
"This category classifies military units and formations by the year in which they were established."	0
"In December, 1216, Pope Honorius III (1216 - 1227), the successor of Innocent III, approved Dominic's plan for an order of contemplative preachers exercising the priestly ministry and living in mendicant poverty."	0
"A galaxy of legendary figures from the annals of Western history comes to life in this stirring sequel to Intellectuals and Creators."	0
"The motet grows from a short, sparse germinal idea in which the intervals of the tone, semitone and augmented fourth predominate."	0
"The banded racer needs advice on accommodation."	0
"A University of Michigan study of 756 recently unemployed job seekers has found that medical and emotional fallout, including depression, from unemployment continued even after two years, when 71 percent were re-employed."	1
"It carried 1500 gallons of water in its split saddle tanks and 700 gallons of fuel oil in a bunker behind the cab."	0
"Aware of the suffering caused by the destruction of life, I am committed to cultivating compassion and learning ways to protect the lives of people, animals, plants, and minerals."	1
"Frustrations, threats, and conflicts cause stress."	1
"The knight raised his dragon battle axe, and dealt the creature a crushing blow."	0
"Hepatitis B is a potentially life-threatening liver infection caused by the hepatitis B virus."	1
"The particles were released into the air."	0
"However, legal experts expressed surprise at the car manufacturer's stance."	0
"However, his detailed description made quite clear the effect of the drug."	0
"One of the largest Internet piracy rings in the world has been shut down in a police operation that resulted in the arrest of 181 people."	1
"The top photo shows a worker with a poorly fitting dust mask."	0
"The avalanches originated in an extensive mass of rock that had previously been hydrothermally altered in large part to clay."	0
"A stereo buss outputs the stereo buss signal; a record buss outputs the record buss signal."	1
"A reasonable approach was distilled from the initial shock at the conflicting data."	0
"An inflammation of the liver caused by the hepatitis A virus (HAV)."	1
"The author's name gives her work a brand image that informs consumers' choices of literary and artistic works."	0
"Leah Day attached quilt binding to the back of a quilt using a sewing machine."	0
"Unemployment, debt and poverty cause enormous stress."	1
"Three people had been killed in a fire after the quake and hundreds of people were injured."	1
"The encroaching darkness has been caused by the twin horrors of war and a mysterious plague."	1
"A stimulant, nicotine causes a temporary increase in alertness and a calm feeling."	1
"Timoshenko commented its laughter after the joke of Putin about Yushchenko and Of."	1
"There is a curb between the sidewalk and the shared bus and bike lane on the road."	0
"Kelvin bought a silver ring which he was so happy with and he keeps wearing it now even though its abit too big haha."	0
"We have to take into account the reality of the damage that has been caused by the deregulation of nutritional supplements."	1
"Integrated production schemes are spreading into various crops and may have relevance for sectors such as dairy production."	0
"The bakeries in the supermarket area also reduce the prices on their goods as closing time approaches."	0
"The goal of the project was to introduce environmentally efficient production technologies."	0
"P6 stimulation for PONV is a convincing case for the efficacy of acupuncture; to that were later added nausea from chemotherapy or pregnancy, and dental pain."	1
"There is relatively little discomfort from this surgery and most individuals rarely take more than Tylenol for their discomfort."	1
"I asked the Something Awful Forum Goons to create products from the future, and by golly they did."	0
"We kept raw eggs in a dish in the fridge for too long."	0
"The US government sent an envoy to the North Korean government."	0
"Typhoon was a dapple-gray gelding with small splashes of brown around his nuzzle and his hind end."	0
"All the epigraphs make reference to hell or the underworld."	0
"A real-time three dimensional echocardiography system has arrived into our clinical cardiology, allowing noninvasive and repeatable spatial visualisation."	0
"From the city the red warriors were rushing toward us, and from the jungle the savage horde of green men were coming to meet them."	0
"The light was radiating from the face of Jesus Christ."	1
"The production of rice spirits in South China, such as the well-known Guiling Shanhua Spirit, kept using the same method described above until the first half of this century."	0
"Cocaine was hidden in the pineapples exported from Ecuador to Medellin city of Columbia."	0
"The deficits are caused by people saving too much of their money."	1
"The damages caused by the fires that immediately broke out and raged for three days, were by far worse than those caused by the earthquake itself."	1
"Walking trails, fire pit and a tree fort in the woods have encouraged him to spend time outside."	0
"Here are the news reports and photographs of the devastations caused by the storm."	1
"The movable mold carrier has arrived into the store."	0
"As the Gondorians moved forward the evil force started to withdraw, unleashing a rain of deadly arrows into the heavily armoured Gondorians."	0
"The windshield of the cockpit is much like other windshields except for a few things, laser sensors on the plane find other planes within a 45 mile radius."	0
"Beauty had scarcely uttered these words when the castle radiated with light."	1
"In 1880, there was a strong typhoon and an earthquake that lead to the destruction of the instrument."	1
"Picture books invite students to engage in critical discussion of complex issues of race, class, and gender."	0
"She began to create a brew in her cauldron, that would take an entire year to prepare."	0
"Two of the incidents resulted in fatal CO poisonings (COHb levels of 55% and 49% )."	1
"Scars from burns happen when the entire depth of the skin is destroyed by heat."	1
"The former emission arose from the primary collisional excitation."	1
"Lidenbrock translates the note, which is revealed to be a medieval note written by the Icelandic alchemist Arne Saknussemm."	0
"The continuing Nigerian outbreak is the biggest ever caused by the vaccine."	1
"Asthma is a disease of the respiratory system, which causes swelling and narrowing of the airways."	1
"Recently, there is a movement afoot, instigated by the heterodox section of the community, as well as by the followers of the Gatha Alone Cultists to proselytise others to become "Zarthushtis"."	1
"Most deaths from the accident were caused by radiation poisoning."	1
"The beautiful hydrothermal features in the park (geysers, hot springs, mud pots, etc.), the uplift and subsidence, and many of the earthquakes are caused by the movements of hydrothermal and/or magmatic fluids."	1
"The school of fish mentioned in the title poem of this book live at the bottom of the sea, but are somehow addicted to light."	0
"The plane was in a crate and the put on a Flatbed truck and taken to the SAR Hangar."	0
"Josie Cormier, succumbed to peer pressure and now hangs out with the popular crowd that often instigates the harassment."	1
"I'm finding the most joy comes from Asian flavours; beautiful fresh fish; things that have been marinated; roasted vegetables; meats that intensify in flavour during the cooking process; and dishes made from the most brilliant, fresh, in-season food."	1
"This lowly structure is preserved and protected from decay by having built over it an outer structure surmounted by a great dome of glass."	0
"The old geological theory explained mountains as wrinkles made by the Earth shrinking as it cools down."	0
"The Japanese team conducted their preliminary research on mice, with a cancer gene among the regulators, and created in the process a mischief of clone mice."	0
"The energy of emission produces the separation field."	1
"The conflict is rooted in an ongoing refusal by the Palestinians and the Arab world to recognize the right of the Jewish people."	1
"Among the first to survey the devastation caused by the April earthquake, the team discusses what they observed and learned from the damaged buildings."	1
"The sword with leaf-shaped blade was used for both cut and thrust, but it is clear from the representational evidence that it was principally used in a downward cut."	0
"Most of the excitement came from the anticipation of winning a nice prize, all for the sum of one dollar."	1
"Both reached the same basic conclusion, that the ship had been destroyed by a magazine explosion which was triggered by an external blast."	1
"His ninth novel, The Echo Maker, starts with a siege of sandhill cranes, a one-vehicle highway accident and a mystery."	0
"Blinking is caused by the eyelids sliding down over the positively charged cornea, whereas saccade potentials are caused by changes in the orientation of the corneoretinal dipole."	1
"I derive tremendous pleasure and fulfillment from teaching, particularly when I am able to help students understand a previously foreign concept or idea, aid them in seeing a familiar object or event from a new and unusual perspective, guide them with projects they are working on, or encourage the interests they have."	1
"The device uses the newest personal antenna technology."	0
"Avian influenza is an infectious disease of birds caused by type A strains of the influenza virus."	1
"That's because nostalgia serves a useful defensive and reparative function; it took the sting from a painful episode in his life by shading the script."	0
"I feel honored to have been awarded this scholarship, since it comes from the governing body of pathologists, which decides who is worthy and who they think will progress to become successful in this field."	0
"Also, we note the convergence over the lakes caused by the land breeze circulation."	1
"Poverty is caused by overpopulation."	1
"I looked straight under the nose of the plane and sure enough, I was directly over the tiny airstrip."	0
"With its non-slip, ambidextrous grip, the peeler glides effortlessly through foods."	0
"Scientific progress comes from breakthroughs and breakthroughs by their very nature are unpredictable and surprising in their impact."	1
"A letter informing about the study was sent to all patients."	0
"Our ancestors have passed on knowledge to descendants."	0
"The release notes give details of the technical changes."	0
"The weight of the concrete on the soft materials caused a second ground collapse on the following Sunday night."	1
"Natural Liver Cirrhosis Treatment Liver cirrhosis is a degenerative inflammatory disease that results in hardening and scarring of liver cells."	1
"Neighbours and some parents saw the limbs and head were missing from the body, and its torso was in a suitcase."	0
"The heat and pressure cause metamorphism to occur."	1
"The feed wire connecting the two blades of the antenna has a length of 4 mm and a radius of 0.01 mm."	0
"This statement threw people into chaos."	0
"The discipline of political science revolves around government, public policy and ethics, foreign politics, law and judicial process."	0
"The yellow discolouration has been caused by the damaging acidic properties of the low-grade mount used in the original frame."	1
"On investigation, however, it was found that all the noise was caused by the arrival of Fred Riemer with an ox-team load of flour."	1
"Both bacteria cause mortality in target species via a lethal septicaemia as a result of spore germination."	1
"The episode featured a commentary track recorded by creator and writer/producer David Simon."	0
"It is best to use bold flavors in herb butter."	0
"The drama unfolded shortly after 7pm last Tuesday (December 22), when Glyn saw that smoke was coming from a bonfire."	0
"A newborn baby was found stuffed in a shoebox and dumped in the lobby of a Long Island apartment building."	0
"The ATM malfunction caused a rush on the ATM machine until the police sealed off the area."	1
"The noise and vibration caused by the passage of trains resulted in unacceptable conditions within the convention center as standard construction techniques had been used."	1
"Signs placed at the flagpole island at the village square caused a stir on the Linglestown forum on PennLive.com."	1
"The core of the city state, regarded as a trading entity, is a body of specialized traders engaged in external trade."	0
"This was our first day back volunteering there but he wasn't feeling good, had a fever from immunizations."	1
"The charger was in a suitcase that was (and still is!) lost by the airline."	0
"The story put wine in a positive health light and pointed out that it was superior to other foods in that particular regard."	0
"He has inherited susceptibility to certain cancers."	0
"Formerly it was usual to insulate the rod of the electroscope by passing it through a hole in a cork or mass of sulphur fixed in the top of the glass vessel within which the gold leaves were suspended."	0
"The prisoner was taken into preventive custody this morning."	0
"Evaluators applied the statistically accurate generalization that men are usually taller than women to their estimates of the height of individuals who did not necessarily conform to the generalization."	0
"She was looking beautiful in the dim light that emanated from my broken table-lamp."	1
"The impossibility of attending with frequency congregations gathered in various parts of the kingdom, led before long to the employment of lay speakers; and these in turn gradually gave place to an established order of itinerant preachers; and later these again to ministers settled for a limited period, with superintending bishops."	0
"Heat burns, or thermal burns, are caused by steam, fire, hot objects or hot liquids."	1
"Maybe the most significant difference is that we have changed from emigration out of necessity to emigration in search of new opportunities."	1
"The conclusion of the investigation was that the loss was caused by a failure in a cell wall, resulting in a serious crack and a leakage that the pumps were not able to cope with."	1
"With the conquest of Jerusalem in 1099, Geoffrey de Bouillon established a chapter of secular canons in the basilica of the Holy Sepulcher to offer the sacred liturgy according to the Latin rite."	0
"After several years of self-observation, Alexander began to teach his method of conscious inhibition through manual facilitated movement."	1
"The therapist treats the patient with a certain kind of manual therapy."	0
"The US forces have withdrawn due to the damage caused by the eruption and the typhoon."	1
"The umbrella frame is provided with a movable yoke at the upper end and a stationary yoke at an intermediate point."	0
"Continuous improvement starts with measuring process performance, and instigating a robust process for reviewing further changes logically and quickly."	1
"When the request comes from a private company, there's no law that requires them to provide a disclosure notice."	0
"All aspects are indicated with colour light signals."	0
"Thatch is caused by excessive growth from overfertilizing, by allowing the grass to get too high before mowing, or by incorrect watering."	1
""Any time," he told her before turning to the boy who was in the desk next to him."	0
"The spiral light was caused by the missile."	1
"The crust of the planet was flooded with melt and the crater tended to erase itself."	0
"Sometimes their way led them under the shade of an overhanging bank or through the thin obscurity of a clump of leafless trees."	0
"Formerly, the essential oil was distilled from the peel for use in perfumery."	0
"In businesses generally the third party claims for the damages that has been caused by the company vehicle."	1
"The lure is a treat that is held in the owners hand, and the ferret lifts its paw to try to get to the treat."	0
"Cervical strain results from the physical stresses of everyday life, including poor posture, muscle tension from psychologic stress or poor sleeping."	1
"The drugs he sold had caused the overdose death of Matthew Lessard, 19, of Lowell."	1
"Scientists have revealed how environmental irritants such as air pollution and cigarette smoke which cause coughing in people."	1
"The violence resulted in the death of police "capo" Filippo Raciti, which caused widespread soul-searching and a week-long suspension of Italian football."	1
"A city nightclub has had an ambitious expansion plan blocked over concerns about unruly behaviour from drunken revellers."	1
"On National day, the government bestowed awards to deserving individuals."	0
"He combines strawberries and powder sugar and mixes well."	0
"The gaps in the rings are caused by resonance between the particles in the rings and the moons orbiting nearby."	1
"The citizen observed the robbery through the store window and was assaulted by Chaplin as he left the store."	0
"A talon is the claw of abird of prey."	0
"When I start the engine the car makes a screaching sound."	1
"The noise signal was generated by a noise diode (ENR = 27 dB) and gated with a high-speed electronic switch."	1
"Shin splints are caused by the muscles on the front and sides of the leg."	0
"Ambassador SUN Shuzhong answered the questions from the local press after his visit to the Memorial Center in Kigali on Dec. 28, 2007."	0
"The evacuation after the Chernobyl accident was poorly planned and chaotic."	1
"These views were reflected in his building designs."	0
"Libertarianism as discussed in this essay is a theory of political justice."	0
"In 48% of the divorces, the kinship systems of grandparents expanded with divorce through one or more of the following four processes."	0
"The restaurant is advertised by the official municipal website."	0
"Their chemical activation by light (halogen, plasma, lasers, etc.) enhances their efficiency by reducing exposure time and number of appointments."	1
"The raid resulted in an immediate regional crisis over the apparent Colombian violation of Ecuadoran sovereignty, with both Ecuador and Venezuela mobilizing military forces."	1
"The high-wheelers were descended from an early type of push-bike, without pedals."	0
"Water erosion is the detachment and removal of soil material by water."	1
"An important challenge for the new administration was to address the insecurity and poverty caused by civil war."	1
"No water enters the inside of the dishwasher, and the motor makes a sound as if under strain."	1
"Mixed in equal parts with peppermint, Elder flowers help reduce the fevers and aches caused by colds and the flu."	1
"A skein of greylag geese came directly over me and I killed one that dropped far out in the field."	0
"The data is received from a sensor in the shoe, with audible feedback provided through the earphones."	0
"Special articles specifically on gas corrosion and stress corrosion are also available in the literature."	1
"The contents of the cyst included a foul smelling gas and white-green pus."	0
"This group 0+ baby car seat fits easily into the car and connects to the Jane Powertwin Pro pushchair (sold separately) to make a travel system."	0
"The contortions are caused by gravitational interactions with the small satellites Prometheus and Pandora."	1
"He sent the revellers into party mode."	0
"For the last two years, the team has constructed two gardens out of recycled materials."	0
"Evacuees with disabilities had a difficult time conveying the trauma caused by the unexpected arrival of uniformed officers who ordered them out of their homes and sometimes forcibly removed them."	1
"The corbel was carved with a contorted face."	0
"Different from the curry source, chicken bouillon is mainly distilled from chicken."	0
"The Hawke's Bay Herald building was completely destroyed by the fire after the earthquake."	1
"User-edited article about Salmonellosis, the infection caused by Salmonella bacteria, leading to diarrhea, fever, vomiting, and abdominal cramps."	1
"However, recent research demonstrates that most ulcers of the duodenum are caused by an infectious agent named Helicobacter pylori or H. pylori."	1
"Cyber squatter- A person who buys domain names, and holds them with the intent of making a profit from the selling of the domain name."	1
"We planetary citizens have a unique capacity for ecstasy from repetition - especially when it comes from drumming."	1
"The citizens remained in their houses, and only vagabonds, the scum of various nationalities, and spies were about; women were not to be seen, or only such as belonged to the dregs of society."	0
"Indeed, a green or black basalt heart scarab was found put inside the body in its place."	0
"To date, all outbreaks of the highly pathogenic form of avian influenza have been caused by viruses of the H5 and H7 subtypes."	1
"The damages caused by mudslides, tremors, subsidence, superficial or underground water were verified, as well as swelling clay soils."	1
"The living vaccine, caused a sharp temperature elevation on the day following the second injection."	1
"Convulsions that occur after DTaP are caused by a fever."	1
"By far the greatest damage has been caused by the illicit use of the hallucinogens."	1
"The chapel in the manor house was dedicated to the nowadays somewhat obscure St Blaise."	0
"The weekend snowstorm caused delays that had some passengers still stuck in Washington, DC on Monday night."	1
"A small steel cube was found in a block of coal in Austria."	0
"Lenin and the other leaders of the Soviet Union set about repairing the damage caused by the revolution and the civil war."	1
"Some comments from readers highlight the frustration and inconvenience caused by the 3-pin system."	1
"Defra identified the different noises made by dogs and the meanings behind them."	1
"The anxiety caused by the accident, which appears to show no sign of diminishing, and its negative impact on the living conditions in the affected areas, may be the principal reason for the increase in poor reported health."	1
"The microphone converts sound into an electrical signal."	1
"The contents of the boxes included phone cards, disposable cameras and razors, travel-size toiletries, snack food, and lots of candy."	0
"Many of the passengers took the shuttle to town and turned around in ten minutes retreating back to the comfort of the air-conditioned ship."	0
"Even the hinges of the refrigerator are hidden to provide a clean edged look."	0
"I pressed my nose against a bottle full of snakes, fermenting in their frozen grimaces."	0
"The recession caused by the stock bubble was relatively mild, but so was the recovery."	1
"The classroom discussion made this concept clear to the candidates."	0
"The violence has been caused by the Hutu militia who fled Rwanda after the genocide in that country and who have been in hiding in the forest in Congo."	1
"These new documents point out a number of troubling strategies utilized by Enron."	0
"It features some of the most beautiful mountain landscapes anywhere, with vertical walls, sheer cliffs and a high density of narrow, deep and long valleys."	0
"Alcohol, substance abuse and poverty all lead to child abuse."	1
"The book contains short tales, it is regarded as the first book of juvenile literature."	0
"The shipments have arrived into the stock."	0
"Windmills kill birds and bats, while soil disturbances required to build solar and wind arrays lead to soil erosion."	1
"I dragged the files into the file sharing folder."	0
"The tortoise that had been picked up the night before was in a box."	0
"The bottom is welded into each monoseal casket using a continuous weld aldong the entire seam."	0
"Electrolysis of the resulting mixture caused the reduction of the aluminum ions in the Al2O3."	1
"A fuel leak in one of the C-17s caused a delay on the morning of Nov. 7 as the crew was preparing for departure for Cairo, Egypt."	1
"The deterioration has been caused by an apparently endless recession."	1
"Food poisoning is perhaps the commonest cause of abdominal pain, especially in the young dog or the scavenger type."	1
"The evening's performance was a great production by a first-class company - and not expensive."	1
"I have been talking extensively here about the disruption that has been caused by the Brazilian Air Traffic Controllers white strike."	1
"Pork Farms is to close its Bowyers pork pie factory in Trowbridge by April 2008 with the loss of 400 jobs."	0
"It is a method discovered by a Japanese scholar, Mikao Usui, around 1890."	0
"Recent traffic studies by the department show that a majority of the accidents are caused by drivers."	1
"In general, the greatest hypocalcemic effect was achieved by those liposomal preparations that resulted in the most sustained increase of L-hCT and F-hCT in plasma."	1
"This was demonstrated for a servomotor driven-robot arm using a computer simulation."	0
"The death caused the cancellation of the band's plans for overseas tours."	1
"The earthquake caused the failures of the electric power system, the water supply system, the sewer system, the telephone and telegraph systems."	1
"Ray Parlour shows his frustration after Middlesbrough's defeat."	1
"The apartment comprises of two bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, two bathrooms with tub, a spacious kitchen and lounge/dining room..."	0
"This durable short sleeve crew neck tee shirt is made of preshrunk cotton to minimize shrinkage after washing."	1
"The old brick walls, the smell of paper and the big couch in the shop all help to create the image of a comfortable place where people would want to spend time."	0
"The urine output of the normal adults was 1350ml."	0
"These wind turbines generate electricity from naturally occurring wind."	1
"The priority of hoisting locations depends on the rig of the vessel."	0
"The evangelist blasts the patrons with the news that they're going to hell, if they don't come to his meeting and get saved."	0
"Grubs tend to cause significant damage from autumn to spring by which time the larvae are becoming fully grown."	0
"Muscles are the parts of the body that allow us to move in positions such as sit, stand, walk, run, bend, and reach."	0
"Autonomic imbalance is one of the multifactorial causes of essential hypertension currently."	1
"Infectious diseases or communicable diseases are caused by bacteria, viruses, and parasites."	1
"In this approach, correction and police personnel jointly sought to locate and apprehend offenders who had absconded from parole and probation officers."	0
"The body of 52-year-old Patrick McCormack was hidden in a bin in the walk-in freezer at the back of a fish shop in Galway after he was killed by a criminal associate."	0
"This skirt was sitting in a bin in my garage."	0
"Unificationists sees Kingdom coming with the help of the new president."	0
"I'm close to taking a writing break myself - to mention the frustration from rejection, but I got the Rosetta Stone Spanish CD;s a couple of years ago, and they've taken a back-seat in the priority list - not much time with work and the hubby and kids."	1
"Drinking down the rest of his papaya nectar, and wiping his mouth he turned and hurried away throwing a goodbye and wave over his shoulder madly dashing thorough the crowds."	0
"On Saturday in California a suitcase was discovered inside a trash receptacle with a corpse stuffed inside of it."	0
"The valley is France's largest producer of sparkling wines outside of the Champagne region."	0
"In America, one of dynamite's first use was in the creation of trenches for irrigation systems."	0
"A 3-year-old boy sustains a chemical burn after the spilling of bleach onto his lower extremities."	1
"Flight disruption after the attacks in the US delayed him there for three days."	1
"The decline in populations has been caused by the influx of industrial and resident waste water, sludge sedimentation, and land reclamation."	1
"The solid fuel in a conventional grill remains stationary, unless the cook manually stirs the coals with a stick or similar tool."	0
"It is a reality series documenting the lives of teenagers."	0
"The present invention relates to a method for producing battery electrodes, electrodes produced by this method, and batteries containing such electrodes."	0
"The soils used for the growing of irrigated cotton in the Macquarie Valley of N.S.W. are variable and each soil type has its own characteristics and problems."	0
"For a few more years the surplus is generated by the excess of Social Security tax revenue over benefits paid to today's elderly and disabled."	1
"Scientists have injected human cells into lab animals."	0
"Cabaret is a form of entertainment featuring comedy, song, dance, and theatre."	0
"Numerous international treatises assert the obligation to give medical care without discrimination to all victims in a war zone."	0
"The two trains caught fire after the collision and were burned."	1
"He found that the envelope contained a white powder, which you told him was anthrax."	0
"The confrontation between Martyn and Liz earlier ended with a struggle that resulted in Martyn's drowning."	1
"A major government researcher once complained that his bosses used his scientific findings the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support rather than illumination."	0
"The hidden camera, found by a security guard, was hidden in a business card-sized leaflet box placed at an unmanned ATM in Tokyo's Minato Ward in early September."	0
"It is a rural community and the stories narrate family life on a smallholding in the farming world."	0
"Much of the bloodshed was caused by the growth of gangs."	1
"September normally marks the arrival of the earliest run of fish into lake tributaries, and peak runs occur in October."	0
"The box contained the jumbled skeletal remains of what appeared to be sheep, as well as a variety of other mammals."	0
"The addition of water to the tank caused a runaway chemical reaction, resulting in a rapid rise in pressure and temperature."	1
"Saosin shook himself off, coughing from inhaling the smoke, and then stood up in an awkward fashion."	1
"The front wheels are making a grinding noise."	1
"Editor resigns from student newspaper after publication of controversial cartoon."	0
"Make sure the child takes lots of fluids in spite of the oral discomfort to prevent high fever from dehydration."	1
"The miscarriages are caused by one time, non-repeating genetic problems."	1
"This is the same basic mechanism at work in a vacuum cleaner, though the execution is a bit more complicated."	0
"By the late 1980s, however, the Bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates."	1
"These slippers have a double sole with padding inside."	0
"The bulbs in my house use 190 watts."	0
"It seems like the fever heat got pushed out from the body as rashes."	1
"The malfunctions on Monday caused delays for patrons waiting to check out or renew books at the branches, and impeded access to personal accounts that allow users to renew or hold books online."	1
"I suffer from headaches from perfume and any other toxic thing I get to smell."	1
"In Australia, fifty cent coins have been put into circulation."	0
"I then widened the opening for the seat in the cockpit tub a tiny bit."	0
"These oatmeal cookies are very moist with a good flavor."	0
"Until now, no paper has been presented on predicting the interior noise caused by a powertrain on the basis of hybrid TPA with a real vehicle."	1
"Dust or vapor cause burns or irritation of the eyes with swelling."	1
"Following the abortive Italian campaign, Siberia Grenadiers and grenadier battalion of Aleksopol musketeers returned to Russia via the Black Sea in January 1806."	0
"Shortly after takeoff, an apparent systems malfunction has caused the inadvertent launch of an AIM-9 Sidewinder missile."	1
"Scientists have successfully tested a system that translates brain waves into speech."	0
"The craftsman bought his own iron, finished his hinge Ls, packed them, and conveyed them to the warehouse of the factor in the large town."	0
"The barn on her dad's farm that he cultivated from 1963 until the mid-1990s, was restored."	0
"The risks to housing and general corporate profits from inflation were quite clear and the defensive strategy over the long term has paid dividends."	1
"The surprise visit caused a frenzy on the already chaotic trading floor."	1
"The author clearly got a great deal of pleasure from the work and did not allow his vast amount of material to force him into shallow generalizations."	1
"OVATION is the television network devoted exclusively to the arts, featuring programming on visual arts, theater, opera, music and dance."	0
"The increase is caused by the absorption of UV radiation by the oxygen and ozone."	1
"The mummified cat was found in a live trap with an empty dish."	0
"Thick oatmeal cookies are soft, while the thin ones are crispy."	0
"The instrument was inside a vacuum chamber, and both piston and anvil were cooled with liquid nitrogen."	0
"Because of the ethics scandal that resulted in the impeachment of the state's Governor, there was real hope for real ethics reform in Illinois this year."	1
"On this basis, the vibronically coupled CD bands of lutein diacetate are attributed to an excitonic interaction arose from the twisted nematic layers."	1
"The widespread opinion that both protein and phosphorus cause calcium loss is examined."	1
"The current crisis was caused by the housing bubble, and the primary cause of the housing bubble was the Federal Reserve keeping interest rates at 1 percent."	1
"However Susanoo was in sorrow after the loss of his mother and he was raging in his kingdom."	1
"The benefits from inflation which Professor Mulligan cites (e.g., bailing out underwater mortgagers) are better understood as a government sponsored transfer of wealth from savers to speculators."	1
"Boston University biomedical engineers have devised a method for making future genome sequencing faster and cheaper."	0
"A makeup artist applies the finishing touches to Marquesa Lawrence before the taping of a segment of "The Scholar.""	0
"We have entered successful surveys into report demonstrating secondary meaning."	0
"I inserted an old tape into my brand new handycam."	0
"When he want for a run, he checked the timer on the oven, and again when he returned."	0
"Sodium causes fluid retention, which can lead to edema (swelling), increased blood pressure, and in those susceptible patients, congestive heart failure."	1
"Heavy thunderstorms caused cancellation of races later in the afternoon preventing the Masters Mens fours and Masters Womens and Womens eights from racing."	1
"The scum rake mechanism consists of a rotating bridge with attached skimmers, which are suitable for an effective removal of scum of various consistencies, even of a light, creamy consistency."	0
"In developing countries four-fifths of all the illnesses are caused by water-borne diseases, with diarrhoea being the leading cause of childhood death."	1
"Much Indian whisky is distilled from fermented molasses, and as such would be considered a sort of rum outside of the Indian subcontinent"	0
"Licenses and Permits are revenues from the selling of vendor and dog licenses and other items."	1
"Three times (every 1200 years), the gods were distressed by the disturbance from human overpopulation."	1
"The drill platform was a part of the Romulan mining ship Narada that could be lowered into the atmosphere of a planet or planetoid for mining operations."	0
"This specific machine has been fitted with a Mirus automatic sheet feeder thereby increasing the capacity on large runs."	0
"The filament emits a yellowish-white light, and the walls have a strong yellow tint."	1
"Touch sliding keyboard offers keyless typing."	0
"Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi are in floods after the rain."	1
"A brewer from Southwick is immortalised as a Hampshire farmer produces a new real ale in celebration of Old Dick."	0
"Snails and slugs cause damage to seedlings, flowers, vegetables and shrubs."	1
"The influx caused a further drain on the country's already scanty resources."	1
"Devices like that led to the company being converted to a producer of strategic materials for the Axis powers during World War II."	0
"A very serious problem ensued from the events of the day."	1
"True progress comes from science, debate, inference, logic and reasoning."	1
"Recovery from the global economic crisis triggered by the collapse of Lehman Brothers was achieved with cooperation from Brazil, Russia, India and China."	1
"Brainwashing techniques were used by some British interrogators during World War II."	0
"The light that is currently reaching the Earth was generated in the sun approximately 100000 years ago."	1
"The panel considers the impact of the exhibition."	0
"Most of the steam comes from a volcano's magma."	1
"A girl with a mitochondrial disorder who developed a neurodegenerative disorder with "features of autism" after getting a fever from vaccines."	1
"Alfred Nobel created his fortune from the selling of explosives that utilized nitroglycerin."	1
"The money was contained in a bag of chamois leather, of respectable dimensions, which my banker had given me."	0
"These three-dimensional lithographs are similar to the paper constructions of Red Grooms and an impressive installation piece previously created by the artist."	0
"Going much much farther back, ultimately the word descended from the Indo-European root."	0
"It was the destruction of the gold standard by the government that caused the unprecedented collapse in the world economy."	1
"A controversy arose from an equivocal assignment of the metastable 150-meV vibrational peak."	1
"Brief guides have been prepared on maps, school histories, electoral rolls, land tenure, government buildings, railways and hotel licensing."	0
"The space monkey travels into space."	0
"A few crappie on Tuesday (June 24) were found among flooded willow trees, presumably feeding on the recent hatch of mayflies (willow flies) that occurred on Sunday and Monday."	0
"To alleviate the inconvenience caused by the fence, the Cabinet approved a plan to construct 11 passages through the barrier to facilitate movement in and out of the city."	1
"This configuration of dominoes is called the layout, string, or line of play."	0
"The charge is the source of an electric field, which carries energy-the electrostatic self-energy."	1
"When the layers have separated, the lower layer drained into a beaker; this phase is thrown away."	0
"The luff is the leading edge of a sail."	0
"The file was in the desk of a researcher employed by Kenny MacAskill and Tricia Marwick who had been dismissed earlier in the month."	0
"The snowstorm caused a major catastrophe on the West Virginia Turnpike."	1
"They're as artful as a cartload of monkeys when it comes to breaking the rules."	0
"The final round lets the last 2 contestants answer the question from a hint of a given qualification to find the last man standing."	0
"When water in a kettle becomes acidic due to decomposing organic plant matter, it becomes a kettle bog or kettle peatland."	0
"William H. Parker was the longest serving police chief in Los Angeles Police Department."	0
"We chose a server driven approach to link prefetching."	0
"My grandmother is beautiful too but she has a lot of wrinkles from the sun."	1
"Actually, the earthquake is largely from a global company that had interests insured in China, whereas the snowstorm losses are exclusively from a variety of Chinese companies that we had relationships with for some year."	1
"The name of the method comes from an Arabic saying."	0
"It is a general rule of thumb that the tastier and more expensive a blended whisky is, the more single malt, i.e., barley whisky, has gone into its making."	0
"Oak root and chamomile provide a gentle astringent that helps reduce inflammation and calms skin irritation from the sun and environmental pollutants."	1
"To better follow the quality, the company manufactures itself the necessary fabrics, starting from the purchase of the yarn."	0
"Peg bags are the medium sized bags that hang in the candy isle of the store."	0
"The chair was in a crate and then completely wrapped in cellophane and then bubble wrap."	0
"The colours were similarly derived from the stylesheet."	0
"Alzheimer's disease is a degenerative brain disorder that results in memory loss, impaired thinking, difficulty finding the right word when speaking, and personality changes (see "Warning signs of Alzheimer's disease," below)."	1
"After they caught me, the medicine was locked in a safe, a safe with a combination lock and the weirdest looking key I've ever seen."	0
"It is the most efficient and compact form of insulation in a carafe, and it's unbreakable."	0
"Including amenities such as kiosks create pedestrian-friendly spaces."	0
"The spiciness comes from small capsaicin glands located between the pepper's outside skin and the white ribs inside."	1
"Rain and wind cause power outage in Los Angeles 11:24, October 15, 2009."	1
"The ancients cultivated the species Heracleum Sphondylium which is the parsnip a similar plant to carrots."	0
"The remainder was reconstructed by Deryck Cooke in 1964 from extensive sketches left by the composer."	0
"She has fetched the poodle into the same acre of ground as pup."	0
"The shifts are caused by gas flows going up one leg and returning down the other."	1
"Lesions affecting the medial part of the premotor cortex, the SMA and sparing the precentral gyrus caused a contralateral hemiparesis predominating on the leg but predominating proximally on both leg and arm."	1
"Radiology is the branch or specialty of medicine that deals with the study and application of imaging technology."	0
"The bombing resulted in the deaths of 1318 in Hanoi."	1
"In reality, however, the drama has been caused by the erupting ash and smoke colliding with a lightning storm."	1
"Instead, I ran at them, whirling my arms and screeching as loud as a sedge of bitterns."	0
"Fish use their muscles to move their bodies and fins."	0
"The distraction caused by the students, coupled with limited vision down the track, caused the incident to occur."	1
"Staphylococcal food poisoning is caused by eating food contaminated with Staphylococcus aureus."	1
"16 HP onan engine blew oil into the air filter."	0
"Space shuttle science shows how 1908 Tunguska explosion was caused by a comet."	1
"The man's brain was in a jar on my desk, but for all I know he could be out practicing law somewhere."	0
"These are vampire novels with little blood shed and a strong moral message, written by a woman with a robust Mormon faith who does not like horror books."	0
"The fat and cholesterol cause heart disease; the animal protein causes cancer."	1
"The tunnel complex now hosts a series of galleries detailing the occupation history."	0
"A former NHS worker revealed that understaffed maternity wards are sinking into chaos."	0
"But Hong Kong was able to recover from that and is now experiencing strong economic growth from exports."	1
"I stood at the great central window, which was wide open, and watched the whiteness of the swans moving vaguely over the surface of the canal in the oncoming twilight."	0
"The moisturizers' primary function is to keep skin moist, minimize wrinkles from dryness, smoothe and soften skin, and to deliver other ingredients, like sunscreen, that benefit the skin."	1
"The US army is in the early stages of testing an aluminium exoskeleton made by a company called Sarcos."	0
"Traffic vibrations on the street outside had caused the movement of the light."	1
"In many ways, the flavor of rye beer is reminiscent of wheat beers."	0
"Rather, the entrails contained mostly apples and corn."	0
"Lisa took great joy from laughing, volunteering at school, taking pictures, chatting, the Twins and Vikings, playing softball and volleyball, and time at Lake Vermilion."	1
"The children descend the ladder after hearing the fire alarm which has been triggered by the wood work workshop catching fire."	1
"The treaty establishes a double majority rule for Council decisions."	1
"The study focuses on the personnel in three service stations in Finland that are part of Teboil's organisation."	0
"We minimized excessive flows that cause flooding, bank erosion, and habitat loss."	1
"Recall that in the Blink application, the timers were started from the booted event."	0
"A technician uses an in-circuit emulator on the host PC to set breakpoints, read/write internal registers, dump memory, and perform other debugger-like functions."	0
"Aspergillus niger was found capable of rapidly converting about 97% of the sugar from brewery spent grain liquor to fungal mass."	0
"Many investors' funds are pooled together and the fund managers invest all the money in a diversified basket of investments."	0
"The boy pulls the rope with a force of 10.0 N; and the sled moves with constant velocity."	0
"In an excerpt from upcoming books, Andre Agassi says he took what he believes to be speed."	0
"The person providing the alibi is the culprit and would be providing a fabricated alibi."	1
"He took a shower after using hair cream to avoid skin irritation from the chemicals in the product."	1
"The pressure was caused by the rapid power acceleration at the start."	1
"Many disorders of the stomach and intestines cause nausea and vomiting."	1
"The fatal mistake caused a quarrel between different companies."	1
"Most health related data has been developed by using animal models."	0
"In 1890, the nobleman organized and founded a sports organization, Union des Societes Francaises de Sports Athletiques (USFSA)."	0
"A local FM radio keeps the town informed about local and international development."	0
"They lit a bottle full of kerosene and flung it over the gates before fleeing the scene."	0
"The man was on his knees, sdiraya neck with the rope and coughing from suffocation."	1
"Slaanesh enjoys every aspect of experience, deriving pleasure from pain and suffering."	1
"The continuous rains had caused the overflow of Sulangaling River, a creek of the Muara Batang."	1
"Two years ago, being a sugar company in india was a sweet proposition."	0
"Even commercial networks have moved into high-definition broadcast."	0
"In his Running Film (1972), each shot lasts for ten seconds while a figure runs away from the camera as far as he can in the time."	0
"The fire originated in an area of the plant housing cement mixing and lifting equipment."	0
"On a clear fall night, the president had traveled to Dover on a 40-minute helicopter ride from the White House."	0
"Many viral infections that cause rash resolve within several days and require no medication."	1
"The poet Essex Hemphill conquered sorrow after the loss of a friend by taking up the cause of that friend."	1
"In the most common form of such an attack, called ischemic stroke, the blockage comes from a blood clot that develops in one of the brain's blood vessels."	1
"I was a little worried about making an ascent of the crux with a backpack."	0
"There are several scripts to shut down Windows, hibernate or put the computer to sleep."	0
"The government's plans for the future of community care are outlined in a letter to Professor Graham Thornicroft."	0
"Trauma to the face and nasal area causes nosebleeds, such as getting punched or violently slapped."	1
"Insects that harm trees are often prey for a descent of woodpeckers, which, in turn benefits the birds that nest in the saved tree."	0
"The set of hyperreal numbers satisfies the same first order sentences as R."	0
"Oil extraction in the Amazon has already caused the extinction of the Tetete and Zaparo nationalities and continues to threaten indigenous peoples."	1
"Smoke from wood fires in Tutbury Castle in Nottingham was considered unendurable by Eleanor of Aquitaine, wife of Henry II, causing her to move out in 1157."	1
"The kitchen contained a large stove, a sink, a small table with chairs, and an old sofa that had seen many children and grandchildren tear at its skin."	0
"A little later you're admiring a squadron of huge, white swans soaring over a nearly unspoiled natural area where it's hard to believe that a big city is only minutes away."	0
"The riot resulted in the deaths of 196 people, and led to a major reform in the country's economic policy favouring the Malays."	1
"One sad (excuse the pun) consequence is that a winter of suffering from SAD adds to the weight gain caused by the antidepressants."	1
"Fatigue corrosion and stress corrosion are similar, as both are caused by external stresses applied to the pipe and occur inside of the pipe."	1
"He has simply taken the hook of the fishes mouth because the point of the hook did not stick out."	0
"The rainbows are caused by the refraction, or bending, of sunlight as it passes through the raindrops."	1
"The misinterpretation has been caused by the Italian word for vacuum tubes, which is valvole (or tubi a vuoto)."	1
"Then after the concert, he stuffed the slides into a box under his bed where they remained for 40 years."	0
"The throttle of the truck's engine was wide open now, and the roar of the engine, emitted through the vertical exhaust acting as a stack, was loud and strangely comforting."	0
"His graduation thesis supplied valuable background information on the subject of the duel."	0
"Prevention of CAE viral infection is important in goat herd management because there is no treatment that eliminates CAE virus or vaccine to prevent this disease."	0
"In these cases of fever from constipation there are no local signs except, perhaps, a varying amount of tenderness over the sigmoid flexure of the colon, but only appreciable where the distension of gut is extreme."	1
"Nasal dryness causes nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems."	1
"In addition to the threat from cable television, analog terrestrial television is now also subject to competition from satellite television and distribution of video and film content over the Internet."	1
"Figure 9 shows the average delays obtained with this policy as compared with those of the previous subsection."	1
"The delays are caused by local governments trying to wring more money out of the feder."	1
"Two deers ran into cars."	0
"Bread shortages and mounting poverty cause riots in nearby Paris."	1
"The afterglow is produced by shock waves in the jets of tenuous gas that shoot from the blast at almost the speed of light."	1
"The file is added to the directory."	0
"In the beginning, the yarn was stored in plastic Ikea bins."	0
"Meurkens is one of those rare musicians who makes you listen to his instrument - the harmonica - as a virtuoso instrument."	0
"It is an ongoing academic project by social scientists to assess the state of sociocultural, moral, religious, and political values of different cultures around the world."	0
"A rare and incurable congenital disease which causes blindness has been successfully treated for the first time using gene therapy."	1
"Getting help has reduced the time to reverse all the irritation that had been caused by the fungus."	1
"The environmental and health consequences of the evacuation after the Chernobyl accident."	1
"Excessive anxiety, worry or fear are among the causes of heart attack."	1
"Before introducing Via in three test markets, the company told employees an elaborate story about its creation."	0
"She mentioned the scandal caused by a BBC documentary on the treatment of children in a special-needs home and asked how the state had responded to these."	1
"Grace did as she was told as Adele poured flour into the liquid mixture."	0
"The grief from infertility is at times so overwhelming that no one person can provide all the comfort and support that his or her partner needs."	1
"Chest pain from indigestion feels like an intense burning and is usually accompanied by regurgitation and gas."	1
"Gazan police have rebuilt at least one of their stations out of mud and residents throughout the territory have used mud to build simple homes."	0
"The log truck caught fire after the collision, but the 35-year-old driver escaped before the cab became engulfed in flames."	1
"Characteristics of a vacuum spark triggered by the transient hollowcathode discharge electron beam."	1
"There were at least 12 firefighters operating on the roof of the supermarket at this time."	0
"Another drinking accident happened in the Gallup area the other day, which is plagued by drinking and driving accidents."	1
"The basement carpeting is made from recycled plastic pop bottles, and the underpad was once automobile tires."	0
"He created and advocated "flower power,"a strategy in which antiwar demonstrators promoted positive values like peace and love to dramatize their opposition to the destruction and death caused by the war in Vietnam."	1
"Despite previous statements asserting their innocence, both Titus and Ryan pleaded guilty to various charges on May 30."	0
"It is a monthly report providing opinion and advice on current United States government contract issues."	0
"The urine was drained into the urine bag."	0
"Scientists discovered that these drugs were related to heart valve disease."	1
"Hundreds of tramping feet have pressed the snow into a glacial track."	0
"A report by two independent medical experts has concluded that the rate of staph infections among NFL players is "low"."	0
"The film asserts the astonishingly intricate tenacity with which class is intimately mingled with Severine's sense of identity."	0
"The kids got tuckered out from the bouncy castle."	0
"The devastation caused by the earthquake-generated tsunami is seen on the south coast of Western Samoa."	1
"Recently, marketing spending translated into revenue."	1
"The joy comes from Cather's writing: precise observation and wording, the lilting cadence of her phrasing, the beautiful and clear pictures she evokes of scenery and characters, and the unfamiliar, old fashioned words and expressions she uses."	1
"The Obama administration supports ending the use of antibiotics for growth and feed efficiency in food animals."	1
"The storm is generated by an upwelling of warmer air, similar to a terrestrial thunderhead."	1
"The full featured keyboards had keys 4 times bigger than the traditional keyboard."	0
"In early 2007 renewed a coal mining activity in the region triggered the earthquake, although earthquake activity has been present in the area at least since white settlement first occurred."	1
"Here is a reliable and tasty cookie recipe from my grandmother."	0
"The donated money flows into the quake recovery projects."	0
"The proposed permanent rules establish criteria and procedures for awarding grants to eligible applicants."	1
"The younger female got out rather easily from the cuffs and massaged her wrists."	0
"The dips are caused by the thermal diffuse of y-rays which is reflected secondarily by the net planes in the same crystal."	1
"Voltage surges or spikes are caused by lightning, short circuits, power company equipment problems, and inductive spikes, among many other causes."	1
"It was intermittently wet and dry, and almost always followed with a whine and often a few tears from the terrible pain."	1
"The pain from an ulcer is usually more severe than pain from indigestion, often gnawing in nature, it sometimes goes through to the back."	1
"Doe's confrontation with the flight attendant caused a commotion on the plane, prolonged the flight's delay, and added to the aggravation already being felt by the passengers and crew."	1
"Our preview below highlights some of the features from lesser known artists."	0
"A large tsunami triggered by the earthquake spread outward from off the Sumatran coast."	1
"Muscle fatigue is the number one cause of arm muscle pain."	1
